BIBLIOGRAPHY OF AMERICAN AUTOBIOGRAPHIES
Compiled by Louis Kaplan
and James T. Cook
A comprehensive compilation of more than 6,000 American autobiographies
published from the colonial period to the year 1945. For each autobiography,
there is given a brief statement of the author's main experience, the time in which
he lived and the locale. In addition, there is provided a subject index of more
than 20,000 entries through which research on many fronts can be pursued. Stu¬
dents of American history, politics, sociology, business, art, science, and literature
will find this guide useful. Dr. Kaplan’s bibliography should serve to intensify the
study of autobiographies as a form of literature, and as a clue to our history.
In the search for titles, many important libraries were visited, either by Dr.
Kaplan or by one of his co-workers. The work resulting is the most comprehen¬
sive guide to American autobiographies ever attempted.
The senior compiler, Dr. Louis Kaplan, is Director of Libraries at the University
of Wisconsin.

$6.00

384 pages

RESEARCH MATERIALS IN THE SOCIAL SCIENCES
Compiled by jack Alden Clarke
This completely new revision brings up to date Louis Kaplan’s invaluable an¬
notated guide to bibliographies, newspapers and periodicals, government docu¬
ments, manuscripts and other source materials, dissertations, book reviews, statistics,
and general reference works. Highly valuable are the dozens of new items, such
as the UNESCO bibliographies and abstracts for the social sciences, and the sec¬
tion which includes instructions for obtaining interlibrary loans.

44 pages

$.75

INDEXING YOUR BOOK: A Practical Guide for Authors
By Sina Spiker
Authors indexing their own books will find useful pointers on the mechanics
of indexing — on making slips, recording page numbers, and on preparing copy.
Miss Spiker’s example of an analyzed entry of fifty-one items carried through from
making the slips to typing the copy affords an excellent illustration of the princi¬
ples and procedures involved. A sample manuscript is included in the pamphlet
to illustrate the author’s recommendations for the treatment of various in¬
dexing problems.

28 pages

$.50

