STEWART LIBRARY, GRINNELL, IOWA
 Autobiographies
        by
Americans of Color
    1980-1994
      Autobiographies
               by
    Americans of Color
        1980-1994:
   An Annotated Bibliography


               by

   Rebecca   Stuhr-Rommereim




The Whitston Publishing Company
         Troy, New York
               1997
                Copyright 1997
           Rebecca Stuhr-Rommereim

Library of Congress Catalog Card Number 96-60510

              ISBN 0-87875-466-0

     Printed in the United States of America
        To my husband John,
and to my children Martin and Helen.
                    CONTENTS



Acknowledgements

Introduction.

The Bibliography.

                               .247
Index
                       Acknowledgments



        I am grateful for the assistance and help of many people.
Working on a project such as this has made me fully aware of
how interdependent we all are. I would like to thank first and
foremost Deborah Stuhr Iwabuchi, who acted as editor and advi¬
sor from the early stages of my work on this book. Her assistance
was invaluable and I am extremely grateful to her for her time
and effort. I extend my most sincere thanks to Betty Moffett of
the Grinnell College Writing Lab for taking the time to read
through my completed manuscript. She showed an interest in,
and enthusiasm for, my research which was encouraging. I can
not show enough gratitude to my colleagues at the Grinnell Col¬
lege Libraries who consistently offered me support, encourage¬
ment, and patience, and to the director of the Library, Christo¬
pher McKee, who also provided me with time to complete this
book. Shealey Sieck and Russ Motta, of the Grinnell College Li¬
braries Interlibrary Loan department, cheerfully provided me
with hundreds of the books I needed. I was never without a
stack of books to read. I had assistance from three outstanding
Grinnell College students, Emily Bogusch, Amy Goldmacher,
and Darcie Rives. I thank all of my friends and family who lis¬
tened to me talk about my work on this book and especially my
good friend, Lisa Hughes, who provided me with the moral
support and confidence I needed to pursue this project in the
first place. And finally, my most sincere thanks to Grinnell Col¬
lege for its support in the form of a sabbatical leave and two fac¬
ulty grants without which this book would never have been
written.

                                        R. S.
                                        Grinnell College
                             Introduction



         The past twenty-five years have seen a steady increase in
the writing of autobiography. The number of autobiographies
included in this bibliography which were published during the
first five years of the 1990s is exactly twice the number of autobi¬
ographies included which were published during the first five
years of the 1980s (220 vs. 110). This growing number of personal
stories made public encompasses a rich diversity of cultures, per¬
sonalities, motivations, and, of course, experiences. There has
been some scholarly discussion of what constitutes autobiogra¬
phy, and I believe the definition is wide open. Philippe Lejeune
writes in "The Autobiographical Contract" that a work can be
called an autobiography if the author of the work, the narrator,
and the subject of the work all have the same name, and if the
author claims to be telling the truth. He defines autobiography
to be "a retrospective prose narrative produced by a real person
concerning his own existence, focusing on his individual life, in
particular on the development of his personality" (p. 193). Lynn
Z. Bloom includes partial and full-length self portraits, dual por¬
traits, group histories, diaries, letters, oral histories, collections of
personal narratives, slave narratives, accounts of particular
events, and blends of fiction, myth, and personal narrative
(p. 171) among the kinds of literature that she would categorize
as autobiography in her article "American Autobiography: the
Changing Critical Canon." James Olney, in his book Metaphors
of Self, includes poetry as a permissible genre for autobiography,
and presents an extensive discussion of the autobiographical na¬
ture of T. S. Eliot's Four Quartets.
        I have not applied a strict definition of autobiography in
this compilation, and the term may seem to have been liberally
applied in some instances. I did not include autobiographical fic¬
tion, but some works border on the fictional, such as Ray Young
2        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



 Bear's Black Eagle Child, Maxine Hong Kingston’s Warrior
 Woman, and Oscar Zeta Acosta's Autobiography of a Brown
 Buffalo and Revolt of the Cockroach People. Some of the books
 included are non-autobiographical collections of essays cri¬
 tiquing some aspect of society, but they nonetheless provide
 insight into the workings of the mind of the author. Some
examples of this type of book are Richard Rodriguez' Days of
 Obligation: An Argument With My Mexican Father, Pat Mora's
Nepantla: Essays From the Land in the Middle, Nikki Giovan¬
ni's Racism 101, and Patricia Williams' The Alchemy of Race
and Rights. A few of the works are family histories, focusing on
parents, children, or siblings, but including the experiences, im¬
pressions, and feelings of the author. The works of internation¬
ally-recognized writers and unknown individuals whose auto¬
biographies may be their first and perhaps their only written
work, oral testimonies instigated by the subject or by a third
party, and "as told to" or "written with" works by celebrities or
other socially-prominent people are all included in this bibliog¬
raphy. I have excluded straight interviews, theses and disserta¬
tions, and unpublished materials such as typescripts. Also ex¬
cluded are journal articles or isolated autobiographical chapters
(the entries for Lucille Clifton and Haunani-Kay Trask might be
considered exceptions to this policy). As one last detail, I will
point out that there were 20 or so books that I was unable to lo¬
cate, and these have been left unannotated.
       Although this book aims at a comprehensive presentation
of material published since 1980, I have, no doubt, overlooked
some books. The autobiographies of sports stars and other high-
profile celebrities are more difficult to track down because these
individuals have transcended society's need (or perhaps merely
that of the Library of Congress) to categorize citizens by race.
There are a number of idiosyncrasies in this compilation sur¬
rounding the limitation of dates. It is easy enough to select a cut
off date (although it is tempting to include the autobiographies
published during 1995), but it is difficult to define a clear starting
date. The overall goal of this bibliography is to serve as a practi¬
cal tool: it should establish the existence of this material and
gather it together at one access point; it should also enable the
reader to obtain as many of these books as possible either from
book stores or libraries. A number of these autobiographies were
written in the nineteenth century. Some were published at that
time and only reprinted for the first time after 1980, whereas
                          Introduction                          3



some were never published until after 1980. The peruser of this
bibliography will find citations for books that were published in
the decades preceding 1980, but which have been republished
within the defined time frame, sometimes with new material or
revisions. For the most part, however, I have not annotated this
category of older books. Many of them will have been annotated
in one of the several important bibliographies that should be
consulted along with this one: Russell Brignano's Black Ameri¬
cans in Autobiography, David Brumble's An Annotated Bibliog¬
raphy of American Indian and Eskimo Autobiographies, Lynn
Woods O’Brien's Plains Indians Autobiographies, and Briscoe, et
al., American Autobiography, 1945-1980.
        The entries are arranged alphabetically by author, except
in one or two instances. Ethnic identification is provided by the
index. Authors who are members of tribal groups are indexed by
tribe and by the terms "Native American," or "Native Alaskan."
"Chicano-Chicana" is used for American-born authors of Mexi¬
can descent. Writers born in Mexico are indexed under "Mexi¬
can American." In a few cases, because it seemed as though this
is what the writer would wish, "Hispanic" has been used. Al¬
though it sounds awkward, and I apologize for this, writers from
India have been indexed by the phrase "East Indian American"
or "East Indian."
        The appropriateness of autobiography as a genre for indi¬
viduals who view themselves as, or are regarded as being, out¬
side of the western European writing tradition has been explored
by a number of theorists. David Brumble discusses this issue as
it relates to the oral tradition of most Native American tribal
groups in his Book American Indian Autobiography. He exam¬
ines specific examples of types of stories which he would describe
as autobiographical in nature even if they do not conform to
what is considered to be the western autobiographical tradition,
and, therefore, finds that autobiography is a natural means of
expression for Native Americans. Frank Chin, in his provoca¬
tive article, "This is Not an Autobiography," argues that auto¬
biography is an inappropriate form for American writers of
Chinese descent. He identifies autobiography with the Chris¬
tian confessional tradition as exemplified by St. Augustine,
and sees no place for Chinese American writers within this tra¬
dition.
        Susanna Egan makes a powerful case for the power of au¬
tobiography as a survival tool for members of marginalized
4        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



groups, including racial minorities, women, the working class,
and gay and lesbian individuals. In her article, "The Changing
Faces of Heroism," she describes the typical autobiography of an
earlier era typified in the United States by the autobiographies of
Ben Franklin, Henry Adams, and Henry David Thoreau. These
men wrote toward the end of their lives when their reputations
and value to society were already established. They were mem¬
bers of the ruling class. They assumed themselves to be the in¬
heritors, as well as the conduits of a rich cultural heritage, a her¬
itage which, without doubt, would be shared by their readers. In
contrast, the new autobiographer, as described by Egan, does not
come from the elite. According to Egan, "we now find literary
talent and a strong autobiographical impulse emerging from all
walks of life. . . . The palm has passed from white, middle class
men of distinction to the . . . minorities of our culture who write
precisely because of their lack of other kinds of power and their
need to be heard" (p. 23). These authors write about rebellion
and survival. Rather than looking back on a heroic journey,
they are most likely writing in the midst of their lives. The end
of the journey is yet to come, the problems they confront are still
unresolved, their success or failure remains unevaluated. By
writing, they establish their place in history, making their par¬
ticular experiences, thoughts, and actions part of the permanent
written record. Egan maintains that the very act of writing for
"this modern crop of autobiographers ... is not a matter of ex¬
planation, apology, or clarification of public record, but entirely a
matter of survival" (p. 27).
       This fight to affirm the value of self is clearly apparent in
the autobiographies of the poet Jimmy Santiago Baca, who de¬
scribes his prison ordeal; the journalist Jill Nelson, who writes
about her experiences at the Washington Post; Melba Pattillo
Beals, who survived a year-long fight to desegregate Central
High School in Little Rock; the poet Louis Rodriguez, who opens
his story with his fears for the spiritual and physical survival of
his son; Sanyika Shakur, who writes from prison; Elaine Brown,
the former Black Panther Leader, who ends her story with her
escape from her former comrades; Assata Shakur, who was tar¬
geted by the FBI's COINTEL program; and Norma Marcere and
Ruthie Bolton, who sought to re-establish a sense of personal
value after having been victims of physical and emotional
abuse.
      By affixing their personal story onto the larger history of
                              Introduction                          5



society, these autobiographers have also made it possible for
those who share aspects of their recorded experiences to find a
place for themselves in this society and in history. Many of the
autobiographers included in this compilation relate their feel¬
ings upon first discovering their cultural heritage, either
through books or from some knowledgeable mentor. Through
writing, they gain an entirely new perspective of themselves in
the world. These autobiographies, then, provide numerous op¬
portunities for readers with similar experiences to find inspira¬
tion.
       It is also important to share these stories with those indi¬
viduals who believe they cannot relate to such narratives, or
who would like to believe that they are untouched by the many
struggles depicted within the stories. Johnetta Cole writes in her
forward to Gloria Wade-Gayles's autobiography that "the recol¬
lections of one black woman become the mirror into which each
of us can see how alike and how different we are. We can en¬
counter the exquisite diversity and amazing similarity in the
human condition" (p. viii). Julius Lester emphasizes the impor¬
tance of understanding the experiences of others in his essay
"Tied in a Single Garment." He writes that
          ... to understand racism we must use our imaginations
          and enter the lives of others. Understanding racism re¬
          quires us to know in the marrow of our beings that the
          way in which we experience the world is not how oth¬
          ers always experience it, and more important, the way
          we experience the world is not the only way or even the
          best. (p. 26)
The stories in these autobiographies show us that while our
frames of reference and our individual circumstances cause each
of us to have a unique outlook and a unique collection of expe¬
riences, we share the basic human need for love and acceptance,
we share many of the same aspirations, hopes and fears, and we
long for a certain spiritual fulfillment.
       We are experiencing, in this decade of the nineties, a polit¬
ical backlash against, and an open hostility toward differences of
race, socio-economic status, and issues of gender and sexual pref¬
erence. We need more than ever to understand each other, to
have insight into the experiences of all citizens of this country,
to acknowledge that we are all, indeed, no matter what our eth¬
nic background or number of years in residence, citizens of the
United States. These life stories provide all readers with a broad,
and perhaps truer sense of U. S. history than it is possible to ob-
6        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



tain from a text book or scholarly journal. I consider it a privi¬
lege to have encountered each of these books. I have gained new
perspective and a deepened understanding of many issues to
which I might otherwise have remained oblivious. I hope that
these stories will enlighten all of us to the variety of individuals
living in this country, and to the myriad cultures which we are
fortunate to share. We have all gained from each other, and our
"American culture" changes each time a new person arrives.
None of us is untouched by the other.
        I prepared this bibliography in part for my own children,
who are growing up in a small midwestern town. Except for the
racially-mixed nature of their own extended family, they lead a
fairly homogeneous existence. I hope that the knowledge I have
gained in preparing this bibliography can be passed on to them,
and that, when at some point they are able to read these life sto¬
ries, they will develop an understanding of all that it means to
be a citizen of this country.



                              Works Cited

Bloom, Lynn Z. "American Autobiography: the Changing Criti¬
   cal Canon." Auto/Biography Studies:A/B 9.2 (Fall 1994): 167-
   180.
Brignano, Russell.    Black Americans in Autobiography: An An¬
    notated Bibliography of Autobiographies and Autobiographi¬
    cal Books Written Since the Civil War. Durham, NC: Duke
   University Press, 1984.
Briscoe, Mary Louise, Lynn Z. Bloom and Barbara Tobias. Amer¬
   ican Autobiography, 1945-1980: A Bibliography. Madison:
   University of Wisconsin Press, 1982.
Brumble, H. David III. "A Supplement to an An Annotated Bib¬
  liography of American Indian and Eskimo Autobiographies."
   Western American Literature 17 (1982): 243-260.
—. American Indian Autobiography. Berkeley: University of
    California Press, 1988.
—. An Annotated Bibliography of American Indian and Eskimo
  Autobiographies. Lincoln: University of Nebraska Press
  1981.
Chin, Frank. "This is Not an Autobiography."        Genre 17 (June
   1985): 109-130.
Egan, Susanna.     "The Changing Faces of Heroism: Some Ques-
                           Introduction                        7



   tions Raised by Contemporary Autobiography."       Biography
   10.1 (1987): 20-38.
Lejeune, Philippe.   "The Autobiographical Contract" in French
   Literary Theory Today. Ed. Tvetan Todorov. NY: Cambridge
   University Press, 1982.
Lester, Julius. "Tied in a Single Garment." Hungry Mind Re¬
   view. 31 (September 1994).
O'Brien, Lynne Woods. Plains Indian Autobiographies. West¬
   ern Writers Series. 10. Boise: Boise State College, 1973.
Olney, James. Metaphors of Self: The Meaning of Autobiogra¬
   phy. Princeton: Princeton University Press, 1972.


                        Additional Reading

Bataille, Gretchen M.     and Kathleen Mullen Sands. American
   Indian Women, Telling Their Lives. Lincoln: University of
   Nebraska Press, 1984.
Eakin, John Paul, ed. American Autobiography: Retrospect and
   Prospect. Wisconsin Studies in Autobiography. Madison:
   University of Wisconsin Press, 1991.
Holte, James C. "The Representative Voice: Autobiography and
   the Ethnic Voice."      MELUS: Society for the Study of the
   Multi-Ethnic Literature of the United States 9.2 (June 1982):
   25-46.
Kazin, Alfred. "Autobiography as Narrative." Michigan Quar¬
   terly Review 3 (September 1964): 210-216.
Krupat, Arnold. For Those Who Come After: A Study of Native
   American Autobiography. Berkeley: University of California
   Press, 1985.
Lidoff, Joan. "Autobiography in a Different Voice: Maxine Hong
   Kingston's The Woman Warrior." Auto/Biography Studies:
   A/B 3.3 (Fall 1987): 29-35.
Nericcio, William Anthony. "Autobiographies at La Frontera:
   The Quest for Mexican-American Narrative." The Ameri¬
   cans Review 16.3-4 (September 1988): 165-187.
Payne, James Robert, ed. Multicultural Autobiography: Ameri¬
   can Lives. Knoxville: University of Tennessee Press, 1992.
Rayson, Ann. "Beneath the Mask: Autobiographies of Japanese-
   American Women." MELUS 14 (March 1987): 43-57.
Saldivar, Ramon. "Ideologies of the Self: Chicano Autobiogra¬
   phy." Diacritics (September 1985): 25-34.
8      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



Sanders, Mark A. "Theorizing the Collaborative Self: The Dy¬
   namics of Contour and Content in the Dictated Autobiogra¬
   phy." New Literary History 25.2 (March 1994): 445-458.
Sands, Kathleen Mullen. "Telling 'A Good One': Creating a Pa-
   pago Autobiography." MELUS 10 (1983): 55-65.
Stone, Albert, ed. The American Autobiography: a Collection of
   Critical Essays. Englewood Cliffs: Prentice-Hall, 1981.
                   The Bibliography



1. Aaron, Hank (Henry) (1934-). I Had a Hammer: The Hank
     Aaron Story. Written with Lonnie Wheeler. New
      York: Harper Collins Publishers, 1991.        ISBN:
      0060163216. 333 pages; photographs.
      Note: Also issued New York: Harper Paperbacks, 1992.
      ISBN: 0061099562.
      In this autobiography, Aaron describes his baseball
     career within the context of the institution's slow inte¬
      gration process. Considering himself to be in the sec¬
     ond generation of African American major league ball
     players, Aaron joined the major leagues about nine
     years after Jackie Robinson did in 1954. He broke the
     color line with two other players in the "Sally League,"
     a southern minor league division. Aaron documents
     the influence Jackie Robinson had on the future of
     baseball for all players, black and white, and traces the
     history of desegregation in the major and minor
     leagues. He gives a detailed account of his pursuit of
     Babe Ruth's home run records, and of all the records
     he broke on his way to achieving that goal. As he
     closed in on breaking Ruth's record (714 home runs),
     Aaron encountered virulent racism, receiving death
     threats and mountains of hate mail. Aaron saw his
     breaking Ruth's record as an important event in the
     history of the game and for African American players.
     He finished his career with 755 home runs. Aaron il¬
     lustrates the difficulties that African American players
     faced in the early decades of desegregated baseball, de¬
     scribes how the improvements came about, and lists
     the changes that still need to be made.
10        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



     2. Abdul-Jabbar, Kareem (1947-). Giant Steps. Written with
          Peter Knobler. New York: Bantam Books, 1983. ISBN:
          0553050443. 324 pages; photographs.
          Note: Also published New York: Bantam, 1985. ISBN:
          0553271474.

           In this autobiography, Abdul-Jabbar focuses on his de¬
           velopment as a basketball player, starting with his el¬
           ementary school team participation, and on his con¬
           version to Islam. He discusses his relationship to the
           Muslim community of Hamaas Abdul-Khaalis in
           Washington, D.C., and the impact of the spiritual lead¬
           ership of Hamaas on his life. Abdul-Jabbar describes
           his professional career in Milwaukee and in Los Ange¬
           les, some of his more difficult moments on the court,
           how he has dealt with fame and public scrutiny, and
           various issues in his personal life.

     3. —. Kareem. Written with Mignon McCarthy.       New York:
           Random House, 1990. ISBN: 0394559274.       233 pages;
          photographs.
          Note: Also published New York: Warner Books 1990
          ISBN: 0446352187.

          This book is based on a diary that Abdul-Jabbar kept
          during his twentieth and final season as a professional
          basketball player. He chronicles the daily rigors of the
          game, provides flashbacks to early moments in his
          career, and describes the farewell celebrations he re¬
          ceived at stadiums around the country.

     4. Abernathy, Ralph (1926-). And the Walls Came Tumbling
          Down: An Autobiography. New York: Harper & Row
          1989. ISBN: 0060161922. 638 pages; photographs.
          Note: Also published New York: Harper Perennial
          1990. ISBN: 0060919868.

          Abernathy explains that he was motivated to write this
          autobiography to leave a record for future generations
          of life during the Jim Crow Era in the South, and also
          to describe how it felt to be at the center of the Civil
          Rights Movement. His detailed account of the Civil
          Rights Movement begins with the Montgomery Bus
          Boycott and the development of the Southern Chris-
                  The Bibliography                         11



     tian Leadership Conference (SCLC).       It continues
     through to Birmingham, to Selma, to the less success¬
     ful and more difficult protests mounted in the north,
     and finally to Memphis, where Martin Luther King
     was assassinated. Abernathy explains the importance
     of the SCLC doctrine of nonviolence and how it con¬
     tributed to the successes of the movement as well as to
     the eventual decline of the SCLC, as younger black
     leaders with different agendas came forward and at¬
     tacked the doctrine, dividing the black community.
     Abernathy concludes his book with an explanation of
     his support for Ronald Reagan in 1980 and an ac¬
     knowledgment of it as a strategic mistake, one from
     which he suffered both personally and professionally.

5. Acosta, Oscar Zeta. The Autobiography of a Brown Buf¬
     falo. Introduction by Hunter S. Thompson, and after¬
     word by Marco Acosta. New York: Vintage Books,
      1989. ISBN: 0679722130. 204 pages.
     Note: Originally published San Francisco: Straight
     Arrow Books, 1972.
     Acosta's two autobiographical works were reissued
     posthumously with new introduction and afterword at
     the instigation of his son, Marco Federico Manuel
     Acosta. Oscar Zeta Acosta, the model for Hunter S.
     Thompson's character, Dr. Gonzo, disappeared in 1974
     after leaving Mazatlan, Mexico, on a sailboat. The first
     of the two works. Autobiography, describes Acosta's
     zigzagging interstate sojourn, under the influence of
     drugs and alcohol. He is on the road to escape from a
     tedious legal career and to search for his identity. The
     narrative ends and the next work, Revolt of the Cock¬
     roach People (see below), picks up with his arrival in
     Los Angeles in 1968, where he plans to work alongside
     the Brown Berets, a militant Chicano group, and to
     write about their movement. He soon rejects his self-
     designated role as observer and chronicler and instead
     becomes an active participant, ultimately returning to
     his legal career and representing individuals active in
     the Chicano civil rights movement.
12        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



     6. —.    Revolt of the Cockroach People. Introduction by
             Hunter S. Thompson. Afterword by Marco Acosta.
             New York: Vintage Books, 1989. ISBN: 0679722122.
             262 pages.
             Note: Originally published San Francisco: Straight
             Arrow Books, 1973.
             See abstract for Autobiography of a     Brown    Buffalo
             above.

     7. Aguero, Kathleen, ed. Daily Fare: Essays From the Multi¬
          cultural Experience. Athens: University of Georgia
          Press, 1993. ISBN: 0820314986:0820314994. 233 pages.
             This book is a collection of personal narratives con¬
             tributed by writers "outside the dominant culture."
             Although the editor requested no specific subject, she
             writes in the introduction that the common theme of
             "relationship to culture and the problem of identity"
             (p. vii) appears throughout the collection.       Editor
             Aguero concludes her introduction by stating that "we
             do not have to choose between being purely ethnic or
             totally assimilated; that instead we may struggle to pay
             tribute to our differences and cherish what we have in
             common without compromising either" (p. x). This
             anthology includes the following writers: Minnie
             Bruce Pratt, Alberto Alvaro Rios, Judith Ortiz Cofer,
             Toi Derricote, Yvonne, Kiana Davenport, Garrett
             Hongo (who has published a memoir Volcano: A
             Memoir of Hawaii. New York, Knopf, 1995), Suzanne
             Odette Khuri, Robert Peters, Richard Hoffman, Leslie
             Lawrence, Sam Cornish, Lonny Kaneko, Gary Soto (see
             separate entries for Soto in this bibliography), Norman
             Paul Hyett, Joseph Bruchac (who also has essays in I
             Tell You Nozv, edited by Brian Swann, and Growing
             Up Native American, edited by Patrick Riley, both in
             this bibliography), and Jack Agiieros.

     8. Alexander, Benjamin Harold (1921-). All the Way Up:
           Overcoming the Odds. New York: Vantage Press, 1991.
           ISBN: 0533095182. 205 pages; photographs.
             Alexander examines his family tree and provides a de¬
             tailed account of his parents' upbringing and early life
                    The Bibliography                         13



       together. He had an eventful youth, matriculating at
       the University of Cincinnati at the age of 16, attending
       college and running his brother's illegal casino while
       his brother served in the military during the Second
       World War, graduating with a chemistry major, find¬
       ing employment, and then being drafted himself. A
       significant portion of this work is devoted to describ¬
       ing his experiences in a segregated army and how he
       worked to keep under control the many tense situa¬
       tions that arose from the racial incidents which oc¬
       curred between white and black troops in occupied
       Japan. Alexander has held many prestigious positions
       throughout his career, including eight years as the
       president of Chicago State University, which he trans¬
       formed from a college with an abysmal reputation, be¬
       set with fraud and threatened with loss of accredita¬
       tion, to a well-respected institution.

 9. Alexander, Meena (1951-). Fault Lines: A Memoir. The
       Cross Cultural Memoir Series. New York: Feminist
       Press at the City University of New York, 1993. ISBN:
       1558610596:1558610588. 226 pages; photographs; poetry.
      Meena Alexander was born in Kerala, India, but spent
      her formative years in the Sudan. She graduated from
      university at age 18 and went to Nottingham, England,
      to attend graduate school, returning to India in her
      mid-twenties. After marrying her American husband,
      she left India for the United States, where she now
      lives in New York. Alexander writes about the psy¬
      chological effects of being multilingual and of having
      lived for significant lengths of time in four distinctly
      different countries. She was aware of many cultural
      differences, meaning that the expectations placed on
      her as a woman shifted with each country, and these
      differences caused her much personal confusion.
      Alexander includes some of her own poetry, discusses
      her early development as a writer and the poets who
      have influenced her work.

10. Alexander, Theodore Martin.  Beyond the Timberline:
       The Trials and Triumphs of a Black Entrepreneur.
14         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



            Edgewood, Maryland: M. E. Duncan and Co., 1992.
            ISBN: 1878647083. 264 pages; photographs.
            Alexander looks back over eighty years to write of his
            beginnings in Montgomery, Alabama, and examine
            the people, decisions, and events that led to his success
            as a pioneering African American and a prominent cit¬
            izen of Atlanta, Georgia. Alexander places his own ex¬
            periences within the context of African Americans in
            Atlanta and the South. Born in 1909, he faced the
            many obstacles the dominant white society imposed
            upon African Americans. When during a long-antici¬
            pated trip to the North he experienced virulent racism
            despite that region's lack of institutionalized segrega¬
            tion, he made a conscious decision to stay in the South
            despite the "diabolical system [which was] condition¬
            ing me in my unconscious moments to accept without
            resentment, a status of inferiority and a circumscribed
            existence based purely on the circumstance of race" (p.
            33). Alexander believed that if he remained in the
            South he would have the opportunity to effect change.
            Among many other important accomplishments,
            Alexander ran for City Alderman in 1957, becoming
            the first African American to run for office in Atlanta
            since Reconstruction. Although he didn't win, he ran
            a close campaign and attracted voters across racial
            boundaries.

     11. Allen, Paula Gunn (1939-). "The Autobiography of a Con¬
            fluence." I Tell You Now: Autobiographical Essays by
            Native American Writers.      Ed. Brian Swann and
            Arnold Krupat. Lincoln: University of Nebraska Press
            1987. ISBN: 0803227140.

            See entry under Swann, Brian for complete list of au¬
            thors and essays included in this anthology. This essay
            is also included in Krupat's Native American Autobi¬
            ography. Madison: University of Wisconsin Press,
            1994 (see separate entry).

     12. Al-Mansour, Khalid Abdullah Tariq (1936-). Lazos With¬
            out Justice. San Francisco: First African Arabian Press,
            1990. ISBN: none. 344 pages.
                   The Bibliography                         15


      Dr. Al-Monsour, an international legal expert and
      businessman, presents an account of his own path to
      success as a lawyer and gives practical advice to those
      who would emulate him. A significant portion of this
      book is devoted to the description of a selected number
      of Dr. Al-Monsour's cases which illustrate specific
      points in both U.S. and international law. Dr. Al-
      Monsour is a devout Muslim. His faith was a signifi¬
      cant factor in the development of his career, and, thus,
      an important element of this book.

13. Amos, Wally.   Man With No Name: Turn Lemons Into
      Lemonade.    Written with Camilla Denton.        Lower
      Lake, California: Aslan Publishing, 1994.        ISBN:
      0944031579. 154 pages.
      Wally Amos, cookie entrepreneur and motivational
      speaker, writes about how he developed as a busi¬
      nessman and formed a gourmet cookie company,
      which he eventually lost as a result of financial diffi¬
      culties. Loss of the company also meant relinquishing
      the right to use his name or image on any future
      products. He describes the ten principles that allowed
      him to keep his self-respect throughout a difficult law
      suit, and then enter into the chocolate-chip-cookie
      business once again.

14. Anaya, Rudolpho A. A Chicano in China. Albuquerque:
      University of New Mexico Press, 1986.      ISBN:
      0826308880. 202 pages; map.
      This daily journal kept by Anaya while traveling
      through China documents his impressions of the
      country and its people. An experienced world traveler,
      Anaya writes that this trip held a special significance
      for him: the Native American portion of his heritage
      allows him to sense a kinship with the Chinese. He
      explores this kinship in the journal, noting similari¬
      ties and differences between the Chinese and Chicano
      cultures.
16         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



     15. Anderson, Booker T. Hanging Tough: Experiencing Life
           After Birth. Stockton, California: Koinonia Produc¬
           tion, 1983. ISBN: 0866351000. 60 pages; photographs.
            This posthumously published book is apparently un¬
            finished, but what exists of Anderson's life story is im¬
            pressive. He writes that if he had been white, he prob¬
            ably would have been president of the United States,
            but in his brief life he was a merchant marine, an ac¬
            tor, and a theologian and pastor in the Methodist
            church. He was also a local politician and civic leader
            involved in the Civil Rights Movement. In 1957 he
            arrived in what he describes as crime-ridden Rich¬
            mond, California, to be pastor of St. Mark's Methodist
            Church. Soon after his arrival, he organized a political
            campaign to elect Richmond's first black city council¬
            man. He served on the council himself and was also
            mayor. In this capacity, Anderson developed the city's
            first affirmative action policy. In his efforts to get an
            education or to earn money as a young child to help
            his family get by, Anderson had to combat the racist
            society that strove to hold him back. Anderson writes,
            "What is needed is strong minded, tough willed indi¬
            viduals with a sense of urgency, destiny, courage and
            the capacity and ability to hang tough in every facet of
            institutional America, where the bulk of racism takes
            place" (p. 49).

     16. Anderson, Robert Ball (1843-1930). From Slavery to Af¬
           fluence: Memoirs of Robert Anderson, Ex-Slave. Writ¬
            ten with Daisy Anderson and Rita Williams Brown.
            Steamboat Springs, Colorado: Printed by the Steamboat
            Springs Pilot, 1988. ISBN: none. 90 pages; photo¬
            graphs.
            Originally published Hemingford, Nebraska: Heming-
            ford Ledger, 1927. Reprinted in 1967.

     17. Anderson, Ruth Bluford (1921-).      From Mother's Aid
           Child to University Professor. Iowa City: University of
           Iowa School of Social Work, 1985. ISBN: none. 136
           pages; photographs.
                   The Bibliography                         17



      Ruth Bluford Anderson, a professional social worker,
      writes about her career as a case worker, the director of
      a county social services program, and finally as a col¬
      lege and university professor of social work. Ander¬
      son documents changes in the welfare system from the
      early thirties, when she herself was a child receiving
      aid, to the seventies, when she finally resigned her di¬
      rectorship of the Black Hawk County (Iowa) Depart¬
      ment of Social Services. As a child on county aid, An¬
      derson remembers a supportive, encouraging atmo¬
      sphere provided by the social workers and the county
      (Sioux City, Iowa). By the time Anderson began her
      career as a professional social worker, society no longer
      viewed aid as providing support, but instead believed
      that it created dependence.      Her constant fight to
      counter this negative, and often misinformed, opinion
      finally took its toll, and Anderson resigned, going into
      teaching instead. Her teaching career was successful,
      though not without its personal and professional
      troubles. In 1982, she was one of four Iowans inducted
      into the Iowa Women's Hall of Fame.

18. Andrews, Raymond. The Last Radio Baby: A Memoir. Il¬
      lustrated by Benny Andrews. Atlanta: Peachtree Pub¬
      lishers, 1990. ISBN: 1561450049. 221 pages; photo¬
      graphs; illustrations.
      Prize-winning novelist Andrews writes about his life
      from his earliest memories in 1934 up to 1949, when
      he left home at the age of 15. He affectionately de¬
      scribes in thorough detail his rural Georgia home¬
      town, his church, school, and teachers, his family his¬
      tory and each family member, and many friends and
      neighbors. Andrews also makes clear the hierarchy of
      whites and blacks and the code of behavior to be fol¬
      lowed by white and black citizens among themselves
      and toward those of the other race. Though he doesn't
      leave out the harsh realities of growing up black in the
      South in the forties, his whole story is told with a
      lighthearted sense of humor. Andrews writes that he
      is currently working on another chapter of his life, to
      be called Once Upon a Time in Atlanta, covering the
      years 1949-1952.
     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



Angelou, Maya.
  Angelou began publishing her autobiographies in 1969
  with I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings. New York:
  Random House. Also published New York: Bantam
  Books, 1993. ISBN: 0553279378. She published two
  more before 1980: Gather Together in My Name. New
  York: Random House, 1974. ISBN: 0394486927. Also
  published New York: Bantam Books, 1985.        ISBN:
  0553260669. Singin' and Swingin' and Gettin' Merry
  Like Christmas.  New York: Random House, 1976.
  ISBN: 0394405455. Also published New York: Bantam
  Books, 1981. ISBN: 0553208748. These three titles are
  also published in a single volume: Maya Angelou
  Omnibus. London: Virago, 1991. ISBN: 1853814555.

—.    All God's Children Need Traveling Shoes.  New
     York: Random House, 1986. ISBN: 0394521439. 210
     pages.
     Note: The fifth of a five-volume series of autobiogra¬
     phies published by Angelou between 1969 and 1986.
     Also published New York: Vintage Books, 1991. ISBN:
     067973404X.

     In 1962, Angelou and her son Guy leave Egypt and her
     South African husband for Ghana, where Guy will at¬
     tend university, and Angelou, after seeing him settled,
     will go on to Liberia. However, when her son is in¬
     volved in a near fatal car accident, Angelou stays in
     Ghana to help him with his recovery. The rest of the
     book focuses on Angelou’s efforts to adapt to Ghana¬
     ian life and culture as a member of a circle of African
     American expatriates. Angelou experiences the com¬
     fort of being black in a black country and the discom¬
     fort of being an immigrant in a foreign country. Cases
     of mistaken identity and unexplainable prescience
     provide Angelou with evidence of her roots in Africa
     and perhaps in Ghana itself.       She concludes that
     though black Americans and black Africans have sig¬
     nificant societal and cultural differences, there is a
     strong legacy of Africa in black Americans.

—.    The Heart of a Woman. New York: Random House,
     1981. ISBN: 0394512731. 272 pages.
                    The Bibliography                         19



       Note: The fourth volume of a five-volume series of
       autobiographies published by Angelou between 1969
       and 1986.
       Also published New York: Bantam Books, 1993. ISBN:
       0553246895.
       In this volume, Angelou describes the end of her ca¬
       reer as an entertainer and actress and the commence¬
       ment of her writing career.     She marries Vusumzi
       Make, a South African Freedom Fighter whom she
       met in new York while he was a petitioner at the
       United Nations. Angelou writes about her difficulties
       as an African American woman married to a man
       who was not only African but was also involved in an
       effort which was extremely consuming and dangerous.
       After Angelou, her husband, and son move to Egypt,
       Angelou is hired as a writer and editor for the Arab
       Observer, an unusual accomplishment for an Ameri¬
       can woman. As the marriage deteriorates, Angelou
       makes plans to leave her husband.

22. Anthony, Earl (1940-).   Spitting in the Wind: The True
      Story Behind the Violent Legacy of the Black Panther
      Party. Santa Monica, California: Roundtable Publish¬
      ers, 1990. ISBN: 0915677458. 192 pages; photographs.
       A graduate of the University of Southern California
       and a member of the Young Republicans, Earl
       Anthony was in his final year of law school when he
       was introduced to radical and black-nationalist politics
       through his involvement in poverty programs.           In
       1967, he was the eighth person to join the Black Pan¬
       ther Party.   At an early point in his membership,
       Anthony was approached by FBI agents and coerced
       into acting as an informer. He later worked for the
       CIA as well. Although anxious to get on with his life,
       Anthony found it difficult to sever his ties with the
       FBI, and this entanglement seriously affected his life in
       the form of alcohol and drug addiction despite his
       eventual success as a writer, playwright, and college
       professor.
20         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



     23. Archer, Chalmers (1928-).     Growing Up Black in Rural
            Mississippi: Memories of a Family, Heritage of a Place.
            New York: Walker, 1992. ISBN: 0802711758. 156 pages;
            photographs; bibliography.
            Archer's book is both the story of his youth and family
            and a documentation of black rural life in Mississippi,
            primarily during the decade of the Depression. Calling
            his work a history of the ordinary person, he empha¬
            sizes the importance of and the need for this kind of
            scholarship. Archer relies on his memory, oral testi¬
            mony from family members, and research into condi¬
            tions and attitudes of the time—including popular
            sentiment as expressed in local white newspapers im¬
            mediately after the abolition of slavery through the
            1940s. He is able to put the period of his childhood and
            youth into a broader historical context, thanks to the
            memories of aunts, uncles, and grandparents born into
            slavery or within recent memory of its abolition.

     24. As We Lived: Stories by Black Storytellers. Recorded and
            written by Jakie L. Pruett with Everett B. Cole. Burnet,
            Texas: Eakin Press, 1982. ISBN: 0890153094. 146 pages;
            photographs.

            Pruett and Cole present conversations with five
            African American story tellers who relate episodes
            from their childhood and retell the stories they were
            told as they were growing up. The story tellers are
            Hallie Rooney of Corpus Christi, Texas; Wallace
            Holland and Mary Jane Bonds of New Palestine, Texas;
            Rosie Williams of Thomaston, Texas; Lulu V. Jones
            and John Henry James of Gonzales, Texas.

     25. Ashe, Arthur (1943-). Arthur Ashe: Portrait in Motion.
            Ed. Richard Gallen. Written with Frank Deford. New
            York: Carroll and Graf Publishers, 1993.      ISBN:
            0786700505. 278 pages; photographs.
            Note: Originally published Boston: Houghton Mifflin,
            1975. ISBN: 0395204291; New York: Ballantine Books,
            1976. ISBN: 0345249046.

            This work is a diary covering one year, beginning with
            the 1973 Wimbledon Tennis Tournament in Wimble-
                      The Bibliography                         21



         don, England and ending with the same event a year
         later. It includes an account of Ashe's controversial
         first trip to South Africa in 1973.

26. —.    Days of Grace: A Memoir.      Written with Arnold
         Rampersad. New York: Alfred A. Knopf, 1993. ISBN:
         0679423966. 317 pages; photographs.
         Note: Also published New York: Ballantine Books,
         1994. ISBN: 0345386817X.
         Ashe began work on this memoir after making public
         the fact that he had AIDS. He worked on it up until
         his death in February, 1993. The closing chapter is a
         letter to his then six-year-old daughter. Although the
         focus of this book is Ashe's experience with heart dis¬
         ease and AIDS, he also discusses his views on race, ed¬
         ucation, politics, and sports. He writes about his post¬
         retirement career, including his work as the Davis Cup
         captain. Ashe addresses some of the criticism he has
         received over the years because of his quiet approach
         to racial politics, and also because of his delayed an¬
         nouncement concerning his infection with AIDS.

27. —. Off the Court. Written with Neil Amdur. New York:
      New American Library, 1981. ISBN: 0453004008. 230
      pages; photographs.
         Ashe wrote this autobiography after undergoing
         quadruple bypass surgery and subsequently retiring
         from competition. He states his hope that readers of
         this book will learn "how Arthur Ashe came to be
         who he is" (p. 219). To achieve this goal, Ashe writes
         about his family, crediting them and a close circle of
         friends for helping him develop a strong sense of self
         that allowed him to perform comfortably in an other¬
         wise all-white sport. He chronicles his tennis career,
         from his developing interest during his college years,
         to balancing a military and amateur tennis career, to
         his professional years and retirement.

28. Austin, Alberta. Ne' Ho Niyo' De: No': That's What it
      Was Like. Lackawanna, New York: Rebco Enterprises,
22        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



            1986. ISBN: none. 257 pages; photographs; illustra¬
            tions; maps.
            Note: "Seneca Nation Curriculum Development."
            This is a collection of 61 narratives, most, but not all,
            presented in the first person, contributed by tribal el¬
            ders of the Seneca, Onondaga, Cayuga, Mohawk,
            Tuscarora, and Oneida Nations of New York. Each el¬
            der provides a brief account of his/her life; some in¬
            clude stories, significant events, and customs. A com¬
            mon concern is the survival of tribal languages and
            the perceived indifference of the younger generations.

     29. Baca, Jimmy Santiago (1952-).     Working in the Dark: Re¬
           flections of a Poet of the Barrio. Santa Fe: Red Crane
            Books, 1991. ISBN: 1878610082. 168 pages.
           This work is a collection of autobiographical essays di¬
           vided into five sections and a selection of journal en¬
           tries. The first section describes Baca's discovery of
           language and poetry, his prison experiences, and his
           return to San Quentin Prison to act in a movie for
           which he wrote the script. In writing about his return,
           Baca discusses his argument against the prison system:
           the abuses he has seen and his conviction that inmates
           are more likely to become hardened criminals than to
           be reformed as a result of their incarceration. In the
           next section of essays, Baca writes of his love for his
           family, of individuals who have been a powerful and
           positive force in his life, and of individuals and insti¬
           tutions which have driven him down to the lowest
           levels of existence. He describes his weaknesses, his
           struggles, and his strengths. The reader gains a clear
           sense of how important the written word in general
           and poetry in particular are for Baca. Through the
           writing of these essays, he illustrates what he can do
           and what he hopes to accomplish with his poetry:
               Still, with the world so set on denying my culture, I am full
               of insecurities and my life is replete with contradictions,
               plummeting to mercuric chills and flaring to comet flights. I
               invite all possibilities of being as long as they don't oppress
               me. I affirm the right of my people to determine their des¬
               tiny. I feel rage, hurt, pain, shame—and forgiveness, too.
               When I walk in the evening, a surge of euphoria from the
               earth fuses into my heels and hands, into my thoughts—a
                     The Bibliography                                   23



          light fizz of energy. The delight of being here! Oppressors
          step aside to the banks of the road, because I am coming
          through, (p. 83)


30. Bacho, Eutiquio de la Victoria (1903-). The Long Road:
       Memoirs of a Filipino Pioneer. Seattle: E. V. Bacho,
       1992. ISBN: none. 95 pages; photographs.

31. Baker, Alvis (1916-). The Bottomless Pit. New York: Van¬
       tage Press, 1981. ISBN: 0533049105. 133 pages.
       Alvis Baker's story begins with the story of his rural
       Georgia childhood, as he grew up on the farm with his
       parents, dependent upon the good will of the white
       landowner. His situation changed when, after the
       death of his father, he needed money to pay for his
       mother's hospitalization. Unable to convince his em¬
       ployer to pay him the money that he had earned.
       Baker determined to steal it from him. Thus began
       thirty years of crime and imprisonment. Baker's early
       prison sentences required him to work on a Georgia
       chain gang. He describes the utter brutality of the
       "bosses" who did not hesitate to murder the prisoners
       in cold blood at the least provocation. Baker managed
       to escape a number of times, but finally fulfilled his
       original 12-year sentence in 1966, thirty years after he
       received it. A strong Christian throughout his life.
       Baker ends his story with a statement of his religious
       faith.

32. Baraka, Imamu Amiri (1934-).    The Autobiography of
       LeRoi Jones.   New York: Freundlich Books, 1984.
       ISBN: 0881910007. 329 pages.
      In this examination of his life, Amiri Baraka traces his
      growth and transformation from "white intellectual,"
      to black nationalist, to Marxist-Leninist. After a brief
      time at Howard University and a dishonorable dis¬
      charge from the U.S. Air Force, Baraka made his way
      to Greenwich Village, where, now a writer and pub¬
      lisher, he gradually became involved with a wide cir¬
      cle of white poets and artists. He experienced a radical
      change in his personal philosophy when he took a trip
      to Castro's Cuba with a group of black intellectuals.
24         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



            consequently rejecting his bohemian life-style and
            white wife and friends. He then became deeply in¬
            volved with a number of black organizations, includ¬
            ing Black Theater Arts and the Congress of Afrikan
            Peoples (CAP). His work with the latter led to his
            commitment to Marxism-Leninism. Baraka sums up
            his life in the following sentence:
               But I leave you with this, all these words are only to be
               learned from. The Childhood; music; blues bottomed class
               distinctions: black, brown, yellow, white; HU [Howard Uni¬
               versity]; Error Farce [Air Force]; Village time; Harlem so¬
               journ; home-returning black nationalist grown blood red per¬
               son—all that is like some food for thought, some sounds
               meant only to say, look at this, dig it, what it means, where
               I, and some others, been. (p. 313)


     33. Barnes, Jim (1933-).                      I Tell You
                                   "On Native Ground."
            Now: Autobiographical Essays by Native American
            Writers. Ed. Brian Swann and Arnold Krupat. Lin¬
            coln: University of Nebraska Press, 1987.                    ISBN:
            0803227140.
            See entry under Swann, Brian for complete list of au¬
            thors and essays included in this anthology.

     34. Basie, Count (1904-1984).   Good Morning Blues: The Au¬
            tobiography of Count Basie. As told to Albert Murray.
            New York: Random House, 1985.                ISBN: 0394548647.
            399 pages; photographs.
            In this musical autobiography, Count Basie describes
            the "people and places and happenings" of his nearly
            sixty-year career in jazz. When he wrote this book,
            Basie was 80 years old and still touring with his band;
            he died shortly before the book was published. Count
            Basie's pure enjoyment of music comes across clearly
            in his narrative. In his concluding chapter, he writes a
            little about the rigors of traveling and Jim Crow when
            his band was the "hottest attraction in the biggest the¬
            aters and auditoriums or the top night spot in town"
            (p. 382). He explains why he did not include much
            about this aspect of his career in his book:
               [I]t's not because I want anybody to get the impression that
               all of that was not also a part of [my musical career]. It was.
               So what? Life is a bitch, and if it's not one damn thing, it's
                      The Bibliography                                       25



          going to be something else. . . . I'll just say that I was out
          there trying to do what I was trying to do, which was to
          play music and have a ball. I’ll just say that I was not sur¬
          prised when things got strange in one way or another. I'll
          just say that I didn't intend to let anything stop me if I could
          help it, and that should tell you something, (p. 382-383)


35. Beals, Melba Pattillo.   Warriors Don't Cry: A Searing
       Memoir of the Battle to Integrate Little Rock's Central
       High.     New York: Pocket Books, 1994.          ISBN:
       0671866389. 312 pages; photographs.
       Note: Also published New York, Washington Square
       Press, 1995. ISBN: 0671866397.
       Beals was one of nine truly heroic teenagers who inte¬
       grated Central High School in Little Rock, Arkansas, in
        1957. She was 15 years old. This book chronicles her
       experiences during that traumatic year.         Rejected,
       threatened, verbally and physically abused by the white
       segregationists, she was also rejected by many in the
       black community because of the pressure they were re¬
       ceiving from white employers, bankers, and others. In
       retrospect, Beals writes that she cannot imagine how
       their parents and NAACP leaders could have let her
       and her peers follow through with this very dangerous
       endeavor, and yet, at the time, she felt that it was the
       right decision. Eight of the nine teenagers finished the
       year at Central High, one of them graduating, but by
       the end of the year, publicly posted notices offered re¬
       wards for their deaths. Beals was forced to leave Little
       Rock, moving in with a strange family in Santa Rosa,
       California, so that she could finish her high school ed¬
       ucation in safety.

36. Beatus, Henry (1932-). Henry Beatus, Sr., Hughes. Inter¬
       views conducted and text prepared by Curt Madison
       and Yvonne Yarber. Alaska Series. North Vancouver,
       British Columbia: Hancock House, 1980.         ISBN:
       0888390637. 71 pages; photographs; maps.
       Beatus describes his childhood, which he spent with
       his grandparents in Hughes on the Koyukuk River.
       Raised in the "old ways" to hunt, fish, and trap, Beatus
26         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



            compares his early years with those of his own chil¬
            dren, noting the changes and the similarities.
            For a brief description and list of autobiographies in
            this Yukon-Koyukuk School District series, see the
            entry for Moses Henzie.

     37. Beetus, Joe (1915-). Joe Beetus, Hughes. Interviews con¬
            ducted and text prepared by Curt Madison and Yvonne
            Yarber.   Alaska Series.    North Vancouver, British
            Columbia: Hancock House, 1980. ISBN: 0888390653. 70
            pages; photographs.
            Joe Beetus lives along the Koyukuk River and makes
            his living as a hunter and trapper. In his narrative, he
            talks about how he learned from his elders and stresses
            the importance of passing on this wisdom to his own
            children. Skilled at traditional singing and dancing,
            Beetus expresses concern at the diminishing number
            of Natives able to perform these arts. He includes an
            extensive description of a major Potlatch event, with
            an account of all the necessary preparations.
            For a brief description and list of autobiographies in
            this Yukon-Koyukuk School District series, see the
            entry for Moses Henzie.

     38. Beginnings, Japanese Americans in San Jose: 8 Oral Histo-
            ries/Aru San Noze Nikkeijin No Ayumi. Ed. Steven
            Misawa. San Jose: San Jose Japanese American Com¬
            munity Senior Service, 565 North Fifth Street, San
            Jose, California 95112, 1981. ISBN: none. 121 pages;
            photographs.
            Misawa distinguishes the subjects of these eight oral
            histories from Issei in general by designating them as
            Yobiyose, or as having been "called" from Japan by
            their parents in the United States. In other words,
            most of these individuals were educated in Japan and
            raised by grandparents or other older relatives until
            joining their parents in the United States. A variety of
            professions, economic and education levels, and view
            points are represented here, although all subjects have
            had a connection to San Jose Japantown, and most ex¬
            perienced the internment camps during World II.
                      The Bibliography                                    27



       They express both approval and disapproval of what
       they observe to be the directions taken by the Sensei, or
       third-generation Japanese Americans, and many are
       pleased to see a renewed interest in learning about
       Japan, family history, and traditions.

39. Bell, Rose S. (1926-).    Beyond the Strawberry               Patch.
       Nashville: Winston-Derek Publishers, 1985.                 ISBN:
       0938232762. 126 pages.
       Bell provides anecdotes of growing up in rural
       Arkansas through the 1930s and 1940s. One of seven¬
       teen children. Bell writes of a well-organized and lov¬
       ing household with all members contributing to main¬
       taining home and farm. Her sense of duty was often
       challenged by her love of reading. She writes, "Daddy
       thought it was a sin to be idle. I thought it was a sin to
       pick cotton" (p. 51). But all the children were encour¬
       aged to get an education, attend college if possible, and
       to become self-sufficient.

40. Bell, William M.      Black Without Malice: The Bill Bell
       Story. Fayetteville, North Carolina: William McNeil
       Bell, Sr., 1983. ISBN: none. 178 pages.

41. Bell-Scott, Patricia, ed. Life Notes: Personal Writings by
       Contemporary Black Women.           New York: W. W.
       Norton, 1994. ISBN: 039303593X. 427 pages.
       Note: Also published New York: W. W. Norton, 1995.
       ISBN: 0393312062.
       Bell-Scott writes that in compiling these autobiograph¬
       ical writings by 50 African American women, she had
       four objectives:
          (1) [T]o honor the nameless women and girls who have
          recorded lives in the face of enormous disadvantages; (2) to
          share the rich experiences lost when our diversity is ig¬
          nored; (3) to authenticate our ability as self-defining women
          who can speak for ourselves; and (4) to encourage other gen¬
          erations to write for self-knowledge, empowerment, and pos¬
          terity. (p. 18)
       The ages of the writers range from 8 to 64. They repre¬
       sent both well-known, published writers and unpub¬
       lished writers. They come from varying vocations,
28        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



           sexual orientations, economic levels, and geographical
           locations.

     42. Belton, David. Each Night I Die. Edgewood, Maryland:
            M. E. Duncan and Co., Inc., 1992. ISBN: 1878647075.
            217 pages.
           Belton wrote this book while serving a life sentence in
           a Maryland prison. In and out of reform school and
           prison from the age of 15, Belton was sentenced for
           murder at 29. He writes of a happy childhood that be¬
           gan to fall apart after his father suffered a stroke, lost
           his job, and eventually deserted the family. In writing
           his life story, Belton examines the prison system, and
           especially its impact on black men. He also looks at the
           reasons that black men and women resort to a life on
           the streets and the reasons behind his addiction to
           drugs. Belton went through a religious experience
           shortly after his forty-first birthday, which prompted
           him to give up drugs and alcohol, become a Christian,
           and obtain an education. Belton had to come to terms
           with the tragic circumstances of his life and of the lives
           of those close to him. He experienced not only the
           death of many friends, both in and out of prison, but
           also of close family members, including his wife and
           his brother, and the imprisonment of his son. Belton
           hopes that his book will help provide guidance for
           young people, leading them to make better choices in
           life.

     43. Benson, Joyce. Last Tag. Nashville: Winston-Derek Pub¬
            lishers, 1991. ISBN: 1555232779. 194 pages; photo¬
            graphs.
            Basing her work on a diary she kept between 1952 and
            1960, Joyce Benson writes of her turbulent adolescence
            in a Pittsburgh housing project and her friendship
            with Chaya (Charles) Benson, brother of well-known
            guitarist George Benson. (Joyce married another Ben¬
            son brother.) She was constantly at odds with her par¬
            ents, pursuing track and tennis behind their backs and
            against their will even to the point of burying all the
            trophies she brought home. Although she was a good
                    The Bibliography                         29



       student, her parents were concerned that extracurricu¬
       lar activities would interfere with her scholastic
       achievements, and their concern was the source of
       their strong, if misguided, opposition. Her parents
       were also against her friendship with Chaya, despite
       the fact that they were not romantically involved and
       were strongly supportive of each other. The story ends
       with the death of Chaya Benson, who was killed in a
       street fight at the age of 16.

44. Benton, Horace (1903-). A Twist of Justice: Gripes. New
      York: Carlton Press, 1988. ISBN: 0806230681. 79 pages.
       Benton, who grew up in Jasper County, Georgia, "a
       hell hole for the black man" (p. 9), writes: "I will tell
       you some of my life's story; at least the things I can
       remember best and some I wish I could forget" (p. 9).
       Benton describes the many terrorist acts committed
       against blacks by individual whites and also of institu¬
       tionalized racism, especially as manifested in the pub¬
       lic school systems. When he became an adult, he
       determined to leave Georgia and get as many of his
       family members out as possible. He then settled in
       Alabama, only to find that life was not significantly
       improved. As a miner, he moved frequently in both
       northern and southern states, finally settling in West
       Virginia, but never finding an escape from racism. In
       his later years, he created healing ointments which he
       has had patented, and he describes these in some detail
       in the final pages of the book.

45. Bernhardt, Clyde E. B. (1905-1986). I Remember: Eighty
       Years of Black Entertainment, Big Bands, and the
       Blues: An Autobiography. As told to Sheldon Harris.
       Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press, 1986.
       ISBN: 0812280180:0812212231. 271 pages; photographs;
       discography.
       Bernhardt was introduced to the blues when Ma
       Rainey, considered the greatest blues singer at that
       time, brought her traveling show to his town in 1917.
       Bernhardt was 12 years old. His first instrument was
       the kazoo, and he graduated to the trombone at age 16.
30         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



            He began his professional music career in 1923, when
            he joined his aunt and uncle's family band—The El-
            wood Syncopators. He went on to play with many
            bands and orchestras, performing all over the world.
            He continued to tour and perform until just before his
            death in 1986, a few weeks before his book was pub¬
            lished. Bernhardt wrote that "jazz is American her¬
            itage music. It's all we can claim, and when I say we.
            I'm talking about all Americans. Any color American.
            We all have something to be proud of" (p. 228).

     46. Berry, Chuck. Chuck Berry: The Autobiography. New
            York: Harmony Books, 1987. ISBN: 0517566664. 346
            pages; photographs; discography.
            Note: Also published New York: Simon & Schuster,
            1988. ISBN: 0671671596.
            In this autobiography, which he began while serving a
            year-long prison term for income-tax discrepancies.
            Berry tells the story of his origins, birth, and life to
            1987. His music career got its start while he was serv¬
            ing a sentence at the Algona Intermediate Reformatory
            as a result of his first and only crime spree. His book
            provides all the details of his song writing, performing
            and touring career, his legal problems, and his liaisons.
            Berry has many accomplishments, both as a musician
            and a businessman. Faced with a number of serious
            setbacks through the course of his career, he never al¬
            lowed fate to interfere with his determination and
            drive.

     47. Black, Charlie J. (1934-). After the Fact: 20/20 Hindsight.
            Silver Spring, Maryland: Washington Provider (P. O.
            Box 5397, Takoma Park Station 20912), 1987. ISBN:
            none. 267 pages.

            While describing his work and teaching experiences.
            Black also gives the reader a social and political picture
            of African Americans in Alabama, including their
            progress through the years and lack of it. Black also
            writes about his experiences with racism in higher ed¬
            ucation and in the work place, listing some of the in-
                    The Bibliography                          31



       stitutional means he has used and personal methods
       he has developed to combat it.

48. Blacksnake, Governor (1753-1859). Chainbreaker: The
       Revolutionary War Memoirs of Governor Blacksnake.
       Ed. Thomas Abler. As told to Benjamin Williams.
       American Indian Lives. Lincoln: University of
       Nebraska Press, 1989. ISBN: 0803214464. 306 pages;
       portrait; critical notes; bibliography.
       This memoir of Governor Blacksnake was dictated in
       Seneca to Benjamin Williams, who translated it into
       English. It relates Blacksnake's Revolutionary War
       experiences and the contributions of the Six Nations of
       the Iroquois to the establishment of the United States.
       This edition is accompanied by notes and critical
       commentary.

49. Blaine, Peter (1902-). Papagos and Politics. Tucson, Ari¬
       zona (949 East Second St., Tucson 85719): Arizona His¬
       torical Society, 1981. ISBN: none. 145 pages; pho¬
       tographs; maps.
       Born in 1902, Peter Blaine has observed and partici¬
       pated in the many changes affecting the Papago people.
       He describes the area including and surrounding the
       San Xavier and Sells Papago Reservations and some
       of the different characteristics of the communities
       therein.    Blaine discusses the various agricultural
       methods of the Papago, historically an agricultural
       people, their livestock practices and their adaptation to
       life in the desert. He writes that in his memory, San
       Xavier was completely cultivated, but today he sees
       very little farming and, because this change saddens
       him, he stays away from the area. Blaine also covers
       the land and mineral rights disputes between the fed¬
       eral government and the Papago, and the conflict
       within the Papago community as well. He gives an ac¬
       count of the clan structure, the variety of dialects
       found from village to village, and what he sees as the
       deterioration of a society which has lost sight of the
       culture and traditions which contributed to its past
       strength and uniqueness.
32         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



     50. Bloods, an Oral History of the Vietnam War.
            See Terry, Wallace, ed.

     51. Bolton, Ruthie (1961-) (pseud.). Gal: A True Life. Tran¬
            scribed by Josephine Humphreys. New York: Harcourt
            Brace & Company, 1994. ISBN: 0151001049. 275 pages.
            Note: Also published New York: Onyx Books, 1995.
            ISBN: 0451406273.
            In the forward to this book, Josephine Humphreys
            writes that "Ruthie Bolton" first attempted to write
            down the story of her life and, having written 58 pages,
            decided to tell her story in the way "southern stories
            are best told: out loud, teller-to-listener."    Bolton
            sought Humphrey out to help her with her project,
            and Humphrey takes no credit for the finished prod¬
            uct. She asserts that her contributions consisted of
            those of secretary and witness—transcribing and typing
            up the recorded sessions. Bolton would read the typed
            transcripts and expand on what she had dictated. Bom
            to a thirteen-year-old mother, Bolton lived with her
            grandparents, who were her de facto parents, and their
            daughters, some of whom were younger than Bolton.
            Her mother, for the most part, did not live at home.
            Her grandfather had a violent nature, and Ruthie and
            her aunt-sisters witnessed the many beatings of their
            mother/grandmother, including the beating that
            finally killed her. After this tragic event, the chil¬
            dren were worked and beaten mercilessly by their
            father/grandfather. The tide of Ruthie's nightmarish
            life changed with her second marriage. Her acceptance
             into her husband's family gave her a life she might
            have dreamed of, but never imagined having. Bolton
             reflects on this change:
               But if I had never met them, I don't know how I would be to¬
               day. Because still today, they are the only people that hug
               me and tell me they love me. ... I love them, too; but—I
               guess I had wanted it from an adult, and I wanted it al¬
               ready, to have happened to me when I was little. That is a
               hard thing to explain—that I want it, but I want it then. (p.
               191)
                    The Bibliography                        33



52. Bonner, Cleon R. (1911?-). A Black Principal's Struggle to
      Survive. New York: Vantage Press, 1982. ISBN: none.
       Ill pages; photographs; bibliography.
       Bonner was the principal at the Georgia Academy for
       the Blind from 1950 until 1976. When he began his
       work there, the school was segregated, and Bonner ran
       the program, housed in a separate facility, for African
       American children. The Academy began its painful
       desegregation process in the mid-1960s. When Bonner
       was put in charge of the elementary grades, he was
       faced with overseeing white teachers and employees
       who were not happy with the idea of being supervised
       by a black man. He writes that "the sight of a black
       man in authority was sickening to them" (p. 53). De¬
       spite the attempts by his white colleagues to marginal¬
       ize his role in the school, Bonner was able to achieve
       many improvements for the school, including the de¬
       velopment of a program for the severely handicapped
       which has been emulated by other schools throughout
       the world.

53. Boyd, Norma E. (1888-).   A Love that Equals My Labors:
       The Life Story of Norma E. Boyd. Washington D.C.:
       Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, 1980.    ISBN: none.   143
       pages; photographs.
      Norma Boyd grew up at the turn of the century, grad¬
      uating from Howard University in 1909. After retiring
      from teaching in 1949, she devoted her life to bettering
      the lives of children by promoting world peace. While
      at Howard, she helped found the AKA Sorority and its
      Non-Partisan Lobby, which worked for anti-poverty
      legislation. Both the sorority and the lobby became na¬
      tional organizations. After World War II, Boyd was
      involved in working for the establishment of the UN
      and became an accredited observer in that organiza¬
      tion. She also worked with UNESCO's children's book
      program. In the late 50s, Boyd formed the Women's
      International Religious Fellowship, whose goal was to
      promote the UN's Declaration of the Rights of Chil¬
      dren, especially Principle 10, which states that "chil-
34         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



            dren should be brought up in a spirit of universal
            brotherhood."

     54. Boyer, Ruth McDonald and Narcissus Duffy Gayton.
            Apache Mothers and Daughters: Four Generations of a
            Family. Written with Narcissus Duffy Gayton. Nor¬
            man: University of Oklahoma Press, 1992.         ISBN:
            0806124474. 393 pages; photographs; bibliography.
            Falling somewhere between biography and autobiog¬
            raphy, this book follows four generations of Apache
            women and the history of the Chiricahua Apaches
            from about 1848 through 1989. It is co-authored by the
            woman representing the fourth generation. Narcissus.
            Although Boyer writes the book in the third person.
            Narcissus instigated its writing, and it is based largely
            on her memories of events as passed on to her in the
            oral tradition by her relatives.     The four women,
            whose stories are told within the greater context of the
            events, tragedies, and changes taking place within the
            Apache society, are Dilth-cleyhen, born in 1848; her
            first child, Beshad-e, born in 1870; her granddaughter,
            Christine, born in 1904; and her great granddaughter,
            Narcissus, born in 1924.

                                    Through the Storm Towards
     55. Brady, Carol Feller (1927-).
            the Sun: A Personal Account of Life in Transition in
            Southeast Alaska. Wrangell, Alaska (P. O. Box 247,
            Wrangell 99929): C. F. Brady, 1980.    ISBN: none.    64
            pages; photographs.
            In this reminiscence, Carol Feller Brady describes her
            painful childhood.      After the deaths of both her
            mother and father, she lived with her older sister.
            Carol's sister did not like her and treated her harshly.
            Because Carol was needed to care for her sister's chil¬
            dren, she missed much of her schooling. After she fi¬
            nally left to continue her studies, school authorities
            prevented her from returning to her sister's because
            they were aware of how Carol had been treated there.
            By the time Carol was a young woman, all of her fam¬
            ily had died from illness, fire, or drowning. The final
            blow to her sanity was the death of her first husband.
                    The Bibliography                          35



       which caused her to resort to drinking. She writes this
       story as a therapeutic measure and as a message of love
       to her children.

56. Brady, Paul L. (1927-). A Certain Blindness: A Black Fami¬
       ly's Quest for the Promise of America. Atlanta: ALP
       Publisher, 1990. ISBN: 0962372005. 339 pages; photo¬
       graphs; bibliography.
       Paul L. Brady writes: "My purpose is to show that the
       white majority has willfully blinded itself to the hu¬
       manity and worth of Americans of African descent in
       order to preserve the best portion for itself" (p. ix). He
       uses the history of his own family as an example to
       show 1) how important the African American has
       been in the building of the United States, and 2) that
       talent, hard work, and contributions to the good of so¬
       ciety do not translate into reward, advancement, or ac¬
       knowledgment for African Americans. Brady's own
       adult life included time spent in the navy, which was
       not segregated but had institutionalized racism; law
       school at Washburn University which, according to
       Brady, provided a comfortable environment for
       African Americans in the midst of segregated Kansas;
       and, finally, a career in law and politics, pursuing the
       implementation of civil rights legislation, especially in
       the areas of housing, education, and employment.
       Brady writes that he has found that the "special prob¬
       lem of my skin color has far exceeded all other difficul¬
       ties I have encountered in my efforts to advance my¬
       self" (p. 211), and he concludes that this problem is an
       issue for most African American men and women.

57. Brainard, Cecilia Manguerra.       Philippine Woman in
       America: Essays. Quezon City: New Day Publishers,
       1991. ISBN: 9711004240. 100 pages; photographs.
       Note: 36 previously published essays.
       Brainard, who arrived in the United States from the
       Philippines in 1969, wrote these essays between 1983
       and 1988. Some of the themes which she discusses in
       this collection include what it has meant to her to be
       an immigrant: she speaks of her experience with
36         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



            racism, the difficulty of her first trip back to the Philip¬
            pines and the fundamental changes she underwent be¬
            cause of her immigration; the issues of interracial
            marriage; memories of her childhood; and the experi¬
            ence of following the often tragic news from home and
            sharing her feelings and reactions with other Filipinos
            in the United States. Brainard explains that as a writer,
            she has struggled to find "themes and topics that are
            true to [her] identity as a Filipino in America," and she
            describes the difficulty of writing for an audience that
            often does not share her frame of reference.

     58. Brave Bird, Mary. Lakota Woman. Written with Richard
            Erdoes. New York: Grove Weidenfeld, 1990. ISBN:
            0802111017. 263 pages; photographs.
            Note: Also published New York: Flarper Perennial,
            1991. ISBN: 0060973897.
           "If you plan to be born, make sure you are born white
           and male" (p. 4), writes Mary Brave Bird in the open¬
           ing chapter of her first autobiography.        Of Brule
           (Lakota) and Caucasian ancestry. Brave Bird has suf¬
           fered prejudice both from Native American and white
           societies. In this book, she writes about the prevalence
           of alcoholism and domestic violence on reservations
           and about her personal experience with both. She also
           speaks of her marriage to Leonard Crow Dog, a Lakota
           medicine man, their involvement in the Ameri¬
           can Indian Movement (AIM), and the FBI siege at
           Wounded Knee in 1973.

     59. —. Ohitika Woman. Written with Richard Erdoes. New
           York: Grove Press, 1993. ISBN: 0802114369. 274 pages;
           photographs.
           Note: Also published New York: Flarper Perennial,
           1994. ISBN: 0060975830.
           Brave Bird's second autobiography recaps some of the
           events of Lakota Woman and describes the course of
           her life since the end of that book. Although these two
           books appeared within three or four years of each
           other, the second book was actually written fifteen
           years after the first. In the early 90s, Brave Bird, con-
                   The Bibliography                        37



      fronted with the poverty and despair of reservation
      life, had descended into a state of continuous alcohol
      intoxication. After a number of near-fatal accidents
      and the deaths from accident, domestic abuse, and sui¬
      cide of many of her friends, she was finally able to be¬
      gin to recover. Mary Brave Bird continues to struggle
      against poor employment opportunities and the sense
      of hopelessness that pervades reservation life for her
      family, and for all Native Americans. She is also ac¬
      tive in the fight against state and federal efforts to
      make land grabs and to infringe upon Native
      sovereignty.

60. Brooks, Sara (1911-). You May Plow Here: The Narrative
       of Sara Brooks. Ed. Thordis Simonsen. New York: W.
       W. Norton, 1986. ISBN: 0393022579. 222 pages; por¬
       trait.
       Note: Also published New York: Simon & Schuster,
       1989. ISBN: 0671638483. Reissued W. W. Norton,
       1992. ISBN: 0393308669.
      Sara Brooks tells about her childhood growing up on a
      farm; she describes the crops and planting methods
      used by her father. Although she was encouraged to
      attend college, Brooks writes that she had no idea what
      college was or why she would want to go. Instead, she
      married at a young age and spent several years in an
      abusive relationship. Only after many years of hard
      work was she able to create a situation stable enough to
      make it possible for her three sons to come live with
      her. Brooks often refers to her sheltered life and her
      lack of knowledge of anything beyond the world of her
      farm experience.

61. Brooks, Velma L.  Velma B.: The Success Story of a Most
      Dynamic    Businesswoman. N.p.: n.p., 1989. ISBN:
      none. 242 pages; photographs.
      Velma Brooks writes about her drive to achieve suc¬
      cess in her chosen field of cosmetology. She has oper¬
      ated a number of successful salons and a school of
      cosmetology. Brooks began entering hair design com¬
      petitions in the Dallas area, branched out to other re-
38          Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



             gions of the United States, and finally made her way to
             international competition, where she won first place.
             Brooks encourages young people to go into this career
             because she sees it as a good way to achieve financial
             independence.

     62. Brown, Albert J. Recollections—by Alaska Native Albert
            J. Brown: Stories From the Clan House of Raven . . .
            and Other Random Thoughts.         Ketchikan, Alaska
            (3310 1st St., Ketchikan 99901): Colleen and Co., 1989.
            ISBN: none. 134 pages; portrait.
             Albert Brown was raised on Prince of Wales Island and
             later moved to Ketchikan, Alaska. He received an
             "outside" education and worked for a number of years
             in Washington, D.C. In this book, he contemplates the
             changes that have occurred, for good or ill, in Haida
             culture over his lifetime, and over the past three gen¬
             erations during which most of the modernization has
             taken place. Brown discusses the impact of Christian¬
             ity, the Federal Government, and environmental
             groups on Alaska and Haida society. He presents sev¬
             eral legends, describes the making of and uses for
             totems, and explains the structure and importance of
             the Haida clan system. Brown both reminisces about
             the past and looks forward to the future.

     63.   Brown, Altona (1904-). Altona Brown: Ruby. Interviews
             conducted and text prepared by Curt Madison and
             Yvonne Yarber. Yukon-Koyukuk School District Biog¬
             raphy Series. Fairbanks: Spirit Mountain Press, 1983.
             ISBN: 091087106X. 128 pages; photographs.
             Note: Produced by Yukon-Koyukuk School District of
             Alaska.

             Altona Brown was born during the gold rush in 1904.
             She was an expert hunter, trapper, and fisher, and con¬
             tinued to be involved in these activities into her eight¬
             ies. Married at the age of 12 to a 45-year-old man, she
             gave birth to her first child at 13. Brown presents to
             the reader a colorful and detailed account of her child¬
             hood, describing the lifestyle, customs, and beliefs of
             her people. Both her mother and father came from
                    The Bibliography                        39


       families of traditional healers, and Brown describes the
       significance of this part of her heritage.
       For a brief description and list of autobiographies in
       this Yukon-Koyukuk School District series, see the
       entry for Moses Henzie.

64. Brown, Cecil (1943-).  Coming Up Down Home: A Mem¬
       oir of a Southern Childhood. Hopewell, New Jersey:
       Ecco Press, 1993. ISBN: 0880012935. 222 pages.
       Note: Also published Ecco Press, 1995.           ISBN:
       0880014148.
      Cecil Brown, an acclaimed novelist, writes about his
      childhood in rural North Carolina.        He and his
      younger brother were raised by their aunt and uncle
      from a very early age while their father was in prison
      for the murder of their mother’s cousin. Their father
      was released when Brown was 13, and, against their
      wishes, the boys were returned to their parents.
      Brown spent the next several years working on his fa¬
      ther's farm and attending school. His discovery of
      prestidigitation and his father's unexpected purchase
      of a saxophone were major turning points in Brown's
      life.  The summer before his senior year of high
      school, he traveled to New York where he worked in a
      factory, played saxophone in a rhythm-and-blues band,
      and met a variety of people, both white and black.
      Brown's visit to New York both inspired and discour¬
      aged him because, although he found it free of segrega¬
      tion and overt racism, the whites were still in control,
      and blacks had to struggle to make a living. Indeed,
      they suffered the same lack of self-respect as their
      southern counterparts. Brown returned home for his
      senior year determined to get away again, but unsure
      of his choices. His salvation came quickly when he
      earned a way off the farm in the form of a college
      scholarship.

65. Brown, Drew T. You Gotta Believe!: Education + Hard
       Work - Drugs = American Dream. New York: W.
       Morrow, 1991. ISBN: 0688094473. 288 pages; photo¬
       graphs; bibliography.
40        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



           Note: Also published as You Gotta Believe!: The In¬
           spiring Life Story of a True American Hero. New
           York: Avon Books, 1992. ISBN: 0380710072.
           The son of a first generation American Jewish mother
           and an African American father, Brown grew up in
           Harlem. His parents were involved in the Harlem
           night-life scene, and, as a result of their frequent ab¬
           sences, Brown spent a significant amount of time with
           his Russian grandparents. His past included drug
           abuse in high school and alcohol abuse as an adult.
           After recovering from his alcohol addiction. Brown
           joined the Navy in order to become a pilot and suc¬
           cessfully earned his golden wings only after appealing
           his initial rejection on the basis of discrimination.
           After a successful tour in the Navy, Brown became a
           professional motivational speaker with the goal of en¬
           couraging youth to forego drugs and get an education.

     66. Brown, Elaine (1943-). A Taste of Power: A Black Wom¬
            an’s Story. New York: Pantheon Books, 1992. ISBN:
            0679419446:0374272565. 452 pages; photographs.
            Note: Also published New York: Anchor Books/
            Doubleday, 1994. ISBN: 0385471076.
           This book is both the story of Elaine Brown and a his¬
           tory of the Black Panther Party. The first third of A
           Taste of Power is devoted to Brown's childhood, fam¬
           ily, and education. Brown's earliest years were spent
           in the poorest part of North Philadelphia.         Her
           mother, despite their condition of poverty, was deter¬
           mined to give her daughter every advantage. She
           provided Brown with ballet and piano lessons and ar¬
           ranged for her to attend an exclusive, experimental
           private school. Brown thrived in the school setting,
           excelling as both a dancer and a pianist. Brown writes
           that as a black student in the predominantly-white
           private schools, she attempted to lead two lives—a
           black life with her mother and neighborhood friends,
           and her school life, in which she worked to fit in with
           her wealthy white classmates. Before graduating from
           college, Brown moved to Southern California, and it is
           there that she gradually began to view herself as a
                   The Bibliography                        41



       black woman, eventually joining the Black Panther
       Party. Brown describes her increasingly important role
       within the party. She also describes in detail the war
       waged on the Black Panther Party by the Los Angeles
       police force and the FBI. She gives the reader her per¬
       spective on how the party operated, its many social
       and political accomplishments, and the personalities
       of and her interactions with her fellow leaders in the
       party.

67. Brown, James R. (1926-). Jackleg Preacher. New York:
       Carlton Press, 1989. ISBN: 0806231874. 113 pages.
      Brown focuses on the relationships between black men
      and black women, white men and black women, and
      the treatment of black women within black churches.
      He writes that "the worst sin the black churches com¬
      mitted was throwing out young, pregnant, unmarried
      black girls" (p. 51). Brown's father turned his own
      daughter out of the church when she became preg¬
      nant. The men suffered no retribution in these cases,
      and the women were left without any support system.
      Brown also writes of his experiences in France during
      the war, and the overwhelming sense of freedom he
      felt there compared to his life in Georgia.

68. Brown, William Wells (1815-1884).From Fugitive Slave
      to Free Man: The Autobiographies of William Wells
      Brown.   New York: Mentor Books, 1993.      ISBN:
      0451628608. 296 pages; bibliography.
      Note: Includes Narrative of William Wells Brown,
      Fugitive Slave originally published by the Anti-Slav¬
      ery Office in Boston, 1847. 2nd enlarged edition in
      1848; and My Southern Home, Or the South and Its
      People, Boston: A. G. Brown, 1880. Both works were
      reprinted. The Narrative was reprinted in Puttin' On
      Ole Massa; The Slave Narratives of Henry Bibb,
      William Wells Brown, and Solomon Northrup. New
      York: Harper & Row, 1969. My Southern Home was
      reprinted by Upper Saddle River, New Jersey:     Gregg
      Press, 1968.
42         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



     69. Bruchac, Joseph (1942-). "Notes of a Translator's Son." I
            Tell You Now: Autobiographical Essays by Native
            American Writers.     Ed. Brian Swann and Arnold
            Krupat. Lincoln: University of Nebraska Press, 1987.
            ISBN: 0803227140.
            See entry under Swann, Brian for complete list of au¬
            thors and essays included in this anthology.

     70. Bullock, Clarence C. (1937-). Bullock: The Autobiography
            of an Artist. New York: Vantage Press, 1984. ISBN:
            none. 58 pages; photographs; reproductions.
            Clarence Bullock, a native of Virginia, briefly describes
            his childhood and education. He attended graduate
            school in Pennsylvania with financial aid from Vir¬
            ginia because of the lack of graduate opportunities in
            his home state for African Americans at that time.
            Bullock describes his post-graduate art career, includ¬
            ing his paintings and exhibitions. He recalls present¬
            ing his portrait of John F. Kennedy to the Kennedys at
            the White House as a high point of his career.

     71. Bush, Barney (1945-). "The Personal Statement of Barney
            Bush." I Tell You Now: Autobiographical Essays by
            Native American Writers.     Ed. Brian Swann and
            Arnold Krupat. Lincoln: University of Nebraska Press,
            1987. ISBN: 0803227140.
            See entry under Swann, Brian for complete list of au¬
            thors and essays included in this anthology.

     72. Calderon, Erma. Erma. Written with Leonard Ray Teel.
            New York: Random House, 1981. ISBN: 0394517431.
            200 pages.

            Erma Calderon grew up with her mother and two sis¬
            ters in Savannah, Georgia. Her oldest sister, who died
            at 15 after a sudden illness, had seemingly supernatu¬
            ral powers, which Calderon describes in some detail.
            Her mother developed a debilitating illness, and, de¬
            spite the presence of other adults who should have
            been able to help, Calderon, at the age of nine, had to
            quit school to nurse her mother until the time of her
            death. Alone, Calderon was forced into living situa-
                    The Bibliography                        43



       tions which were intolerable. To escape, she married
       at the age of 11, and gave birth at 12. Her son was kid¬
       napped by one of her former guardians, and Calderon
       was only able to find him 14 years later. Calderon re¬
       counts her experiences as a child bride trying to find
       her way in the world, how she cultivated lost familial
       ties, and finally her years working on Pinkney Island
       for a wealthy family with whom she was able to share
       unqualified mutual love and respect for the first time
       since the death of her mother.

73. Cameron, James (1914-). A Time of Terror: A Survivor's
      Story. Milwaukee: TD Publications, 1982. ISBN:
      0937816272. 201 pages.
      Note: Also published Baltimore, Maryland: Black Clas¬
      sic Press, 1992 and 1994. ISBN: 093312144X:0933121458.
       Cameron was taken from his jail cell by a mob which
      had just lynched two other African American prison¬
      ers. He was beaten almost to a state of unconscious¬
      ness and a noose had been placed around his neck
      when someone intervened. He was returned to his
      jail cell and transferred to another jail in a different
      county, where he was fortunate enough to be in the
      charge of a sheriff who believed in his story and in his
      character. Cameron had been accused of murder and
      rape. His own story was that he had agreed to partici¬
      pate in a hold-up with two young men, but ran off
      when he realized the turn events were taking. A court
      trial eventually found him guilty of "accessory before
      the fact to voluntary manslaughter," and he was sen¬
      tenced to two to twenty-one years in prison. His story
      details the horror of his arrest and the mob, his stay in
      jail before the trial, and his prison time after his con¬
      viction.

                                Sweet Summer: Growing
74. Campbell, Bebe Moore (1950-).
       Up With and Without My Dad. New York: Putnam,
      1989. ISBN: 0399134158. 272 pages.
      Note: New York: Ballantine Books,         1989.   ISBN:
      0345366948.
      Campbell writes about her relationship with her
  Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



   father, who lived in North Carolina while she lived in
   Philadelphia with her mother and grandmother.
   Campbell spent each summer with her father in North
   Carolina, and missed him intensely throughout the
   rest of the year. Campbell, aware of the absence of men
   in her female-dominated life, treasured the occasional
   visits from her father and her uncles—her father's
   seven brothers. She realizes in retrospect that her
   father's separation from her daily life was painful and
   difficult for her, but his evident care and love helped
   to nurture and sustain her safely into adulthood.

Carona, Bert. Memories of Chicano History: The Life and
   Narrative of Bert Corona. Ed. Mario Garcia. Latinos in
   American Society and Culture 2. Berkeley: University
   of California Press, 1994. ISBN: 0520082192. 369 pages;
   photographs.
   Carona, the son of a Mexican revolutionary, was orga¬
   nizing on the behalf of the rights of Mexican Ameri¬
   cans from a very early age. This book is about a life¬
   time of working for justice within the labor move¬
   ment and within a variety of Mexican American polit¬
   ical organizations. Indignant at the way Mexican his¬
   tory was being taught in their Texas school, Carona
   and many of his classmates would argue with the
   teachers. When this behavior brought on punishment
   and the threat of expulsion, Carona organized a stu¬
   dent strike which resulted in a resolution of the situa¬
   tion in their favor. Carona traces his growth as a po¬
   litical activist and his increasing awareness of having a
   dual Mexican and American heritage. Though he was
   born in Texas, his parents were native Mexicans, and
   Carona spent some of his childhood in Mexico. He
   spoke English and Spanish fluently, and the customs
   and traditions of Mexico were practiced in his home,
   while the family followed American practices in the
   public sphere.      As a student at the University of
   Southern California, Carona became involved in the
   Mexican American Movement (MAM), and went on
   to union organizing and involvement in El Congresso
   Nacional de Pueblo de Habla Espanol, a militant
   organization founded in 1939 to further the rights of
                    The Bibliography                           45



       Spanish speaking people. These early memberships
       haunted him during his time in the military. Union
       members were considered "potential subversives/'
       and Carona was removed from the Air Corps because
       of his political activities. After the military, Carona re¬
       turned to union organizing and work with Mexican
       American groups. In his book he discusses McCarthy-
       ism, the FBI, and the red-baiting of the 1950s and 60s;
       his political associations with Saul Alinsky and Cesar
       Chavez; and the various aims of the organizations
       with which he worked.          He founded the Mexican
       American Political Association in the 1960s because
       the Democratic Party was unwilling to support the
       needs of Mexican Americans. Carona concludes his
       narrative with a discussion of the future of Latinos
       and of Left politics in the United States.

76. Carter, Stephen L. (1954-). Reflections of an Affirmative
       Action Baby. New York: Basic Books, 1991. ISBN:
       0465068715:0465068693. 286 pages.
       Carter writes about his own education and career from
       the perspective of having grown up in the era of af¬
       firmative action. He explores the various arguments
       for and against the program. Carter examines the divi¬
       sions taking place in the black community over the
       debate on affirmative action, and expresses his feelings
       on the difficulty of having that debate take place at all.

77. Cary, Lorene. Black Ice. New York: Knopf, 1991. ISBN:
       0394574656. 237 pages.
       Note: Also published New York: Vintage Books, 1992.
       ISBN: 0679737456.
       Cary writes of her experiences as a student at St. Paul's
       School in New Hampshire. Cary entered the school as
       one of its first black women students. She experienced
       all of the difficulties of adolescence and being away
       from home with the added difficulties of being black
       and a woman in a place that was, until only a few years
       before her arrival, an all-white, all-male institution.
       Cary, though at many times unhappy with her life at
       St. Paul's, was academically successful, as well as fully
46         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



            involved in extracurricular activities, including hold¬
            ing elected office. As a student, Cary struggled with
            two conflicting feelings: should she succeed for herself,
            for her family, and for all black people, or was her very
            presence in this white institution a betrayal of her
            people? In retrospect she writes,
               I began writing about St. Paul's School when I stopped
                thinking of my prep-school experience as an aberration from
                the common run of black life in America. The isolation I’d
                felt was an illusion, and it can take time ... to get free of il¬
               lusions. The narratives that helped me . . . were those that
                talked honestly about growing up black in America. ... I am
               writing this book to become part of that unruly conversation,
               and to bring my experience back to the community of minds
                that made it possible, (p. 5, 6)

     78. Cayaban, Ines V. (1904-). A Goodly Heritage. Wanchai,
            Hong Kong: Gulliver Books, 1981. ISBN: 9627019801.
            151 pages; photographs.
            Cayaban provides a family history and a description of
            her childhood in the Philippines in a relatively
            wealthy household, including some of the traditions
            and festivals in which she participated. Education and
            moving to the United States were two of Cayaban's
            goals. She pursued her education in the Philippines,
            attending nursing school, but her move to the United
            States seemed elusive. Cayaban presents the details of
            her nursing career in the Philippines, and the means
            by which she finally achieved her goal of traveling to
            the U.S. in 1931. As she left the Philippines, her plans
            were to travel to the continental U.S., but Cayaban
            never got farther than Hawaii. She gives an account of
            her career working first with tuberculosis prevention,
            and then as a cancer specialist with the Public Health
            Department in Hawaii.

     79. Cervantes, John. My Moline: A Young Illegal Immigrant
            Dreams. Canoga Park, California: Canyon Publishers,
            1986. ISBN: 0942568117:0942568125. 167 pages; photo¬
            graphs; illustrations.

           Cervantes writes about his youth in the U.S. as an ille¬
           gal immigrant. His father had traveled in and out of
           the United States legally, but conditions changed, and
                    The Bibliography                         47



       when his entire extended family had to leave Mexico
       during the Mexican Revolution, they entered the U.S.
       illegally. The family followed agricultural work for
       awhile, finally settling in Moline, Illinois, where Cer¬
       vantes' father worked with the railroad, and the fam¬
       ily lived in a two-room boxcar typical of housing
       provided for laborers by the railroad companies. Cer¬
       vantes, who began supplementing the household in¬
       come at an early age, overcame great odds as well as
       the objections of a financially-strapped family to attend
       and graduate from college after the death of his father.
       In this book, Cervantes gives an account of Moline and
       its Mexican community during the 1920s. He describes
       the details of daily life there, including procedures for
       laundering and bathing. He also discusses the central¬
       ity of work in the lives of both adults and children as a
       means of survival, general preoccupation, and topic of
       conversation.

80. Chapel, Les (1924-). The Black Man's Place in America.
      New York: Vantage Press, 1991. ISBN: 0533093147. 42
      pages.
       Les Chapel grew up on a farm in Oklahoma. After his
       father left, he and his brother experimented with a
       number of ways to earn money.         They eventually
       moved to California. Chapel describes his road to en¬
       trepreneurial success, and offers the six-part formula
       that helped him achieve that success.

81. Cheffen, Helen Ray. Some Light, but Viewing the Dark
      Side.   New York: Vantage Press, 1993.       ISBN:
      0533091721. 254 pages.

82. Chief Big Eagle.
       See Piper, Aurelius (1916-).

83. Ching, Frank.    Ancestors, 900 Years in the Life of a Chi¬
       nese Family. New York: W. Morrow, 1988. ISBN:
       0688044611. 528 pages; photographs; maps.
       Note: Also published New York: Ballantine Books,
       1989. ISBN: 0449903532.
48         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



            As the title suggests, this book is an exhaustive history
            of Ching's family. He was able to piece it together after
            receiving the family's ancestral genealogy, accounting
            for 33 generations, from a half-sister in China. Ching's
            name was the last to appear on the document. Ching
            writes about his own life in the final chapters of this
            work, describing his early years in China, his eventual
            move to the United States, where he became a journal¬
            ist for the New York Times, and finally his return to
            China in the 1970s during the United States-China
            thaw.

     84. Chosa, Heart Warrior (1945-). Heart of Turtle Island: A
           Trilogy. Ely, Minnesota: Bearhand Publishers, 1987.
           ISBN: none. 135 pages (book 1); photographs.
           Note: Book 1: Seven Chalk Hills; Book 2: Thunder
           Queens; Book 3: Winds of Fire (Books 2 & 3 not yet
           published).
            In the "Seven Chalk Hills," Chosa relates her life expe¬
            riences from infancy through her completion of board¬
            ing school. She describes this period as the first level
            of testing on the wheel of life. Chosa (a name which
            she acquired later in life) and her brother were sent to
            St. Joseph's Catholic Charity Indian Boarding School,
            one of a few remaining schools which sought to rid
            the Indian student of any vestiges of cultural heritage.
            She recounts four years of life in a school that meted
            out arbitrary and brutal corporal punishment, and
            which allowed only short and infrequent visits with
            her family. Chosa also provides a brief account of the
            historical background of her tribe, the Turtle Moun¬
            tain Metis, and their Cree-Scotts-French-Ojibwa her¬
            itage.

     85. Clark, Septima Poinsette (1898-1987).    Ready From
            Within: Septima Clark and the Civil Rights Move¬
            ment. Ed. Cynthia Stokes Brown. Navarro, California:
            Wild Trees Press, 1986. ISBN: 0931125049.     134 pages;
            photographs; bibliography.
            Note: Also published by Africa World Press. Trenton,
            New Jersey, 1990.    ISBN:   0865431736:0865431744.
                    The Bibliography                        49



       Clark also published the autobiography Echo in My
       Soul. New York: Dutton, 1962.
       Septima Clark, her father born into slavery and her
       mother a free Haitian, lived most of her life in South
       Carolina. Always outspoken and ready for change, she
       was an early activist in the Civil Rights Movement. In
       this work, Ms. Clark recalls her life-long work for
       African American rights, beginning with early efforts
       for voting rights just after the close of World War II
       and ending officially in 1970, when she retired from
       the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC)
       (after which she continued to work as a volunteer
       youth advisor). Clark includes details about her fam¬
       ily, discusses the status of women involved in the
       Civil Rights Movement, and tells about some well-
       known and not-so-well-known leaders from that time.
       Most notable is Septima Clark's revelation of her will¬
       ingness to face the anger and disapproval of both
       whites and blacks in order to fight for justice and
       change, and to speak out and to take action when few
       had the courage to stand with her.

86. Clayton, Xernona. I've Been Marching All the Time: An
       Autobiography. Written with Hal Gulliver (1935-).
       Atlanta: Longstreet Press, 1991. ISBN: 0929264878. 261
       pages; photographs.
       Clayton writes about growing up in segregated Musko¬
       gee, Oklahoma, and moving in her adult years to a
       segregated Chicago. Her career included work with the
       Urban League in Chicago, and with the Southern
       Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC) and Martin
       Luther King, Jr. in Atlanta. She also worked with the
       Model Cities Program in Atlanta and pursued a broad¬
       casting career, first as a television talk show host and
       then as a programming assistant for Ted Turner and
       Turner Broadcasting. Clayton devotes a significant
       portion of her book to her personal and working rela¬
       tionship with Martin Luther King and her observa¬
       tions of him during the final months of his life.
50         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



     87. Clifton, Lucille (1936-).   Good Woman: Poems and a
            Memoir,   1969-1980.    American Poets Continuum
            Series 14. Brockport, New York: BOA Editions, 1987.
            ISBN: 0918526582. 276 pages; photographs.
            First edition of the Memoir published as a separate
            work.    New York: Random House, 1976.            ISBN:
            039446155X. This brief memoir includes recollections
            of Clifton's life and an exploration of her African and
            slave heritage.

     88. Cody, Iron Eyes (1904-). Iron Eyes: My Life as a Hollywood
           Indian. As told to Collin Perry. New York: Everest
           House, 1982.     ISBN: 0896961117.    290 pages; pho¬
           tographs.

            Cody's career in Hollywood began when his father's
            fields were used for the film Back to God's Country.
            After that he went to Hollywood with his father and
            brother to find work in the popular Westerns that
            were being churned out. Cody writes that he led a
            double life "somewhere between white civilization
            and my Indian heritage" (p. 16). He was not unaware
            of the stereotype of the Indian he was presenting to the
            American public and to the world: "The Indians who
            participated in acting out their role in the myth of the
            American West, including myself, became part of Hol¬
            lywood" (p. 71). They accepted the portrayal in ex¬
            change for good pay and a comfortable life style. Cody
            never felt at liberty to comment on the characters he
            played until the years following World War II. With a
            new consciousness developing in Hollywood, Cody
            was able to make more demands and to present a more
            authentic, well-rounded portrait of the Native Ameri¬
            can. Cody describes his participation in the generally
            decadent lifestyle that seemed to go with work in the
            film industry during its early years, and his work and
            camaraderie with many notable Western film stars.

     89. Cole, Johnnetta B. Conversations: Straight Talk With
           America's Sister President. New York: Doubleday
            1993. ISBN: 0385421303. 190 pages.
           In the first chapter of Conversations, Cole presents a
                     The Bibliography                        51



       brief outline of her life up to and including her present
       position as President of Spelman College. She is the
       first woman to be president of this all-woman college.
       In this autobiographical chapter. Cole wishes to pre¬
       sent her life within the perspective of the "crucial is¬
       sues in the lives of African American women, among
       them: racism, sexism, provincialism, self-help, and
       education" (p. xiii). In the following chapters, Cole
       discusses each of these themes separately. Her inten¬
       tion is that this work be a dialogue between herself and
       her "African American sisters," although others are
       invited to listen in.

90. Colon, Jesus (1901-1974).     The Way it Was, and Other
       Writings.    Ed. Edna Acosta-Belen and Virginia
       Sanchez Korrol. Houston: Arte Publico Press, 1993.
       ISBN: 1558850570. 127 pages; photographs; bibliogra¬
       phy of Colon's writings from 1927-1970.
       This work is a collection of short, entertaining
       vignettes about Colon's early experiences in the
       United States and portraits of his friends and neigh¬
       bors.   Through his own experiences, Colon writes
       about a number of issues confronting immigrants in
       this country, including the complexity of learning the
       English language, the inability of many Americans to
       understand and pronounce Spanish names correctly,
       homesickness, and the difficulties Colon encountered
       when returning to his native land. Colon also writes
       about his career as a writer and political activist.

91. Colson, Elizabeth (1917-). Autobiographies of Three Pomo
       Women.        Interviews with Sophie Martinez, Ellen
       Wood, and Jane Adams. Recorded and edited by Eliza¬
       beth Colson. Berkeley: Archaeological Research Facil¬
       ity, Dept, of Anthropology, University of California,
       1982.
       Note: Prepared for publication in 1945 although final
       editing was never completed. The life-histories ap¬
       peared in v. 1, Primary Records in Culture and Person¬
       ality, 1956, as a microcard publication by the University
       of Wisconsin; nothing has been updated for publica¬
       tion in the present format. Republished by the Uni-
52        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



           versify of California, Berkeley in 1972. Photocopy.
           [Berkeley, California: University of California, Library
           Photographic Service, 1982.]
           The stories presented are those of Sophie Martinez,
           Ellen Wood, and Jane Adams. The interviewer, Eliza¬
           beth Colson, did little to prompt the women. She es¬
           sentially got them started and then asked a few ques¬
           tions along the way when clarification was necessary.
           Ms. Colson provides enough background on the
           Pomos to give the uninitiated reader a good sense of
           the demise of a highly-organized society after a century
           or more of Russian, Mexican, and American intrusion.
           Appended to the introduction is an annotated bibliog¬
           raphy of other life histories of Native Americans of
           California.

     92. Comer, James.
           See Comer, Maggie.

     93. Comer, Maggie and James P. Comer.Maggie's American
           Dream: The Life and Times of a Black Family and
           My Turn. New York: New American Library, 1988.
           ISBN: 0453005888. 228 Pages.
           Note: Also published New York: Penguin, 1989. ISBN:
           0452263182.

           This two-part work includes an oral history of Maggie
           Comer taken by her son James, and a written autobiog¬
           raphy by James Comer himself. Maggie grew up on a
           farm in the south until she was sixteen years old, with
           the benefit of only six months of formal schooling.
           She left to join relatives in East Chicago and married
           an older man. Together, they raised his daughter from
           a previous marriage. Maggie battled school officials to
           ensure that her step-daughter had all of the educa¬
           tional opportunities, including music, that she herself
           had been denied. Otherwise childless during the first
           twelve years of her marriage, Maggie eventually gave
           birth to five children, four of whom survived. She
           devoted herself to their upbringing, encouraging them
           to excel in school, work hard, and be proud of their
           race and heritage. In James Comer's autobiography.
                   The Bibliography                           53



      entitled "My Turn," he tells the story of his mother's
      work on behalf of her children, giving her credit for
      his education and accomplishments. Comer writes
      that as a black student in a predominantly white stu¬
      dent body, both in high school and as an undergradu¬
      ate, he always felt an immense pressure to be the best
      at everything, both because he felt the responsibility of
      representing his race and because of a sense that the
      white majority demanded it. He decided to attend
      Howard University for medical school so that he could
      enjoy the luxury of being a black student in a black
      student body.

94. Concepcion, Jaime E. (1921-). From My Rearview Mirror.
      Metro Manila, Philippines: Tambay Kay Lim Sports
      Foundation, 1989. ISBN: none. 133 pages.
      Concepcion was born and raised in the Philippines,
      fought against the Japanese invasion during World
      War II, and was part of the Bataan Death March and a
      prisoner of war. A U.S. citizen since 1961, Concepcion
      attended graduate school at New York University,
      worked for the Agency for International Development
      (AID) during the Vietnam War, following which he
      was stationed in Mauritania. Concepcion has tried to
      have legislation passed that would grant Filipino
      World War II veterans full veterans' rights which they
      have been denied despite the fact that the Philippines
      was a commonwealth of the United States (receiving
      independence in 1946 after the end of the war). He has
      many criticisms of the United States with regard to
      their presence in the Philippines historically and in
      the present. Concepcion speculates that the United
      States holds a grudge against countries that legiti¬
      mately champion their own interests: "In most situa¬
      tions you cannot be pro-your own country without be¬
      ing viewed at the same time, as being anti-American"
      (p. 106). He predicts difficulties in the future with U.S.-
      Filipino relations.

95. Conner, Douglas L.   A Black Physician's Story: Bringing
      Hope in Mississippi. Written with John F. Marszalek.
54         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



            Jackson: University of Mississippi,      1985.   ISBN:
            0878052798. 183 pages; photographs.
            Conner reached adulthood anxious to create change in
            a system that allowed segregation and discrimination.
            He grew up in segregated Mississippi, attended all
            black schools and colleges, and was drafted into a seg¬
            regated armed forces during World War II. His first
            experience with an integrated educational system
            occurred when he was chosen to participate in the
            Walter Reed Army Hospital medical training program.
            Conner eventually completed his medical training at
            Howard University in Washington, D.C. He set up
            practice in Starkville, Mississippi, where he was one of
            the few African Americans to complete the voter regis¬
            tration process. It took a full year for him to complete
            the process, because it involved paying the poll tax
            twice over a twelve-month period. Conner became
            involved in state and national politics, partly at the
            urging of Medgar Evers.

     96. Cook-Lynn, Elizabeth (1930-). '"You May Consider Speak¬
           ing About Your Art . .        I Tell You Noiv: Autobio¬
           graphical Essays by Native American Writers. Ed.
           Brian Swann and Arnold Krupat. Lincoln: University
           of Nebraska Press, 1987. ISBN: 0803227140.
            See entry under Swann, Brian for complete list of au¬
            thors and essays included in this anthology.

     97. Cooper, Michael J. No Slack. Written with Theodore J.
           Lynn. Albuquerque, New Mexico: CompuPress, 1987.
           ISBN: 0944009026. 116 pages; photographs; glossary.
            In this book. Cooper urges young men who pursue
            basketball to take their education seriously. He him¬
            self did not and at one point was removed from eligi¬
            bility. Although he went on to be a successful profes¬
            sional basketball player. Cooper stresses that many
            players don't make it, some may have a professional
            career that lasts no more than four years, and for long
            term success, an education with plans for the future is
            essential. Cooper provides a detailed discussion of his
            philosophy, strategies, and techniques.
                     The Bibliography                          55



98. Corral, Jesus C. (1912-).   Caro Amigo: The Autobiography
        of Jesus C. Corral.   Tucson, Arizona: Westernlore
        Press, 1984. ISBN: 0870260596. 238 pages; photographs.
         Corral's family was from Sonora, Mexico, and he spent
         his first years in the mining town of Camanea—a
         town he describes as dirty and crime-ridden. The fam¬
         ily left Camanea for the agricultural town of Scottsdale,
         Arizona, in 1919. Corral was inspired artistically when
         he traveled back to Sonora with his mother and ob¬
         served the artwork of a boy not much older than him¬
         self. He spent his life working on developing as an
         artist while trying to support himself and, later, his
         growing family. Throughout these years, Corral had
       . many experiences and worked for a variety of people.
         Not until much later in life, during his second mar¬
         riage, was he able to realize his dreams of commercial
         success as an artist while running his own restaurant
         and building a house in Mexico.

 99. Crow Dog, Mary.
        See Brave Bird, Mary.

100. Cruikshank, Moses (1906-).     The Life I've Been Living.
        Recorded and compiled by William Schneider. Oral
        Biography Series 1. Fairbanks: University of Alaska
        Press, 1986. ISBN: 0912006234.
        Cruikshank describes his life growing up along the
        Yukon River.      He tells of learning about animals,
        hunting, and survival from the "old timers"; working
        with missionaries; working in the mines and on the
        railroad; and finally, in retirement, working with chil¬
        dren, telling stories about the early days, in the Parent-
        Child Center of the Fairbanks Native Association.

101. Cuero, Delfina (1900-1972). Delfina Cuero: Her Autobiog¬
        raphy, an Account of Her Last Years, and Her Ethno-
        botanic Contributions. Ballena Press Anthropological
        Papers 37. Menlo Park: Ballena Press, 1991. ISBN:
        0879191236:0879191228. 98 pages; map; photographs.
        Note: Originally printed Pasadena, California: Castle
        Press, 1968.  Baja California Travel Series 12; and
56      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         Riverside, California: Rubidoux Printing Company,
         1970. MAn Account of Her Last Years" and "Her Eth-
         nobotanic Contributions" were written by Florence
         Connolly Shipek.
         Cuero was a member of the Kumeyaay Tribe, whose
         traditional homeland extended approximately 50 miles
         on either side of the U.S.-Mexican border. Used to liv¬
         ing by hunting, gathering, and fishing, the Kumeyaay
         had also had gardens, but during Cuero's childhood
         they were unable to settle down long enough to plant
         because the land had been taken over by newcomers to
         the California/Mexico area. They were eventually
         forced to lead a subsistence existence with fewer and
         fewer areas on which to rely. She gives a detailed ex¬
         planation of the kinds of food they ate, where and how
         they came by the food, and how it was prepared. She
         also describes some recreational activities, ceremonies,
         and rites. Many rites which served as a means for edu¬
         cating children, not only in the specific religious beliefs
         and customs of the Kumeyaay, but also as valuable
         survival methods, had been forbidden by Catholic mis¬
         sionaries, and this restriction contributed to the degra¬
         dation of the tribe. Cuero relates some of the difficul¬
         ties in her own coming of age and adult life, and also
         in the lives of her children.

 102. David, Jay, ed. Growing Up Black: From Slave Days to the
         Present: Twenty-Five African-Americans Reveal the
         Trials and Triumphs of Their Childhoods. New York:
         Avon Books, 1992. ISBN: 0380766329. 276 pages.
         Note: Originally published New York: W. Morrow,
         1968. This edition contains new material.
         This is a collection of excerpts from material published
         in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. This edi¬
         tion has been updated to include materials published
         since 1970, all of which are represented separately in
         this bibliography. The excerpts from the following
         works are not represented in this bibliography because
         of their original publication dates: A Man Called
         White by Walter White, 1948; Dark Symphony by Eliz¬
         abeth Adams, 1942; "The Afternoon of a Young Poet,"
                     The Bibliography                          57



        in Anger and Beyond: The Negro Writer in the U.S. by
        M. Carl Holman, 1966; Memoirs of a Monticello Slave:
        The Life of Isaac Jefferson, (n.d.); Narrative of the Life
        of Frederick Douglass, An American Slave, (1846); Up
        From Slavery by Booker T. Washington, (1901); The
        Black Man's Burden by William H. Holtzclaw (1915);
        Manchild in the Promised Land by Claude Brown
        (1965); The Long Shadow of Little Rock by Daisy Bates,
        1962; and Coming of Age in Mississippi (1968).

103. Davis, Angela Yvonne. Angela Davis - An Autobiogra¬
       phy. New York: International Publishers, 1988. ISBN:
       0704342324:070434209X. 400 pages.
       Originally published New York: Random House, 1974.
       ISBN: 0394489780. Also published New York: Bantam
       Books with title Angela Davis; With My Mind on
       Freedom. An Autobiography, 1974. ISBN: 0553117955.

104. Davis, Miles (1926-1991). Miles, the Autobiography. Writ¬
       ten with Quincy Troupe. New York: Simon & Schus¬
       ter, 1989. ISBN: 0671635042. 431 pages; photographs.
       Note: Also published New York: Simon & Schuster,
        1990. ISBN: 0671725823.
        Miles Davis became seriously interested in music
        when he was 12 years old and never turned back. He
        was involved professionally with top-level jazz musi¬
        cians—Billy Eckstine, Dizzie Gillespie, Charlie "Bird"
        Parker—by the time he was 18. Davis chronicles his
        professional career and describes his work with many
        great musicians, both known and unknown. He also
        describes in some detail his relationships with women,
        his serious problems with drug addiction, and his
        struggle with poor health in the latter part of his life.
        It is clear from this work that Davis was a consummate
        musician, one who was never satisfied with the status
        quo. He looked for new ideas both from the younger
        jazz musicians and from contemporary composers
        trained in the classical tradition, and thus had a style
        that was constantly evolving.

105. Dayton, Roger (1921-). Roger Dayton, Koyukuk. Inter¬
       views conducted and text prepared by Curt Madison
58      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         and Yvonne Yarber.       North Vancouver, British
         Columbia: Hancock House, 1981. ISBN: 088839067X.
         85 pages; photographs; maps.
         Note: Produced by the Yukon-Koyukuk School District
         of Alaska.
         Roger Dayton describes his family, relating some of his
         earliest memories and the stories passed on to him by
         his elders. He tells of his experiences hunting and
         fishing and of how he learned the necessary skills
         from his father and other older male relatives. Dayton
         compares formal schooling to learning outdoor skills
         from the elders, noting that "of course you'd tell your
         kids to learn as much as you can in school. Then
         when you take them out you just teach them what
         your father taught you when you were a kid. . . .
         There’s not much difference between going to school
         and learning the outdoor life. . . . They learn to make a
         living" (p. 77).
         For a brief description and list of autobiographies in
         this Yukon-Koyukuk School District series, see the en¬
         try for Moses Henzie.

 106. De Vergee, Winston W. Assignment in Hell. New York:
         Vantage Press, 1991. ISBN: 0533085179. 119 pages; pho¬
         tographs.

 107. Delany, Samuel.    The Motion of Light in Water: Sex and
         Science Fiction Writing in the East Village, 1957-1965.
         New York: Arbor House/W. Morrow, 1988.            ISBN:
         0877959471. 302 pages; portrait.
         Note: Also published New York: New American Li¬
         brary, 1989. ISBN: 0452262321; New York: Masquerade
         Books, 1993. ISBN: 1563331330.

        Delany examines his life from the time his father died
        when Delany was 18 until he began a six-month so¬
        journ in Europe at the age of 24. He spent the inter¬
        vening years in the East Village with poet Marilyn
        Hacker. Their relationship as writers, friends and
        lovers, lovers of others, mutual supporters, and, to
        some extent, rivals is the main focus of this fragment
        of Delany s life. Both Hacker and Delany were recog-
                     The Bibliography                        59



        nized as exceptional writers while still in their teens.
        Delany had two novels published by the time he was
        21, and Hacker was the recipient of many prizes and
        awards. Delany's homosexuality figures prominently
        in his book. He writes, "So, I thought, you are neither
        black nor white. You are neither male nor female.
        And you are that most ambiguous of citizens, the
        writer. There was something at once very satisfying
        and very sad, placing myself at this pivotal suspen¬
        sion" (p. 52). Delany includes samples of Hacker's po¬
        etry throughout this work.

108. Delany, Sarah Louise and A. Elizabeth. Having Our Say:
        The Delany Sisters' First 100 Years. Written with Amy
        Hill Hearth. New York: Kodansha International, 1993.
        ISBN: 156836010X.
        Note: The Delany sisters have also published The De¬
        lany Sisters' Book of Everyday Wisdom. Written with
        Amy Hill Hearth. New York: Kodansha International,
        1994. ISBN: 1568360428.
        The Delany sisters were 101 and 103 at the time this
        book was published. Their father, born a slave, began
        life as a freeman by becoming a mason and then at¬
        tending St. Augustine's College in North Carolina. He
        eventually became an Episcopal Bishop and the prin¬
        cipal of St. Augustine's. Their mother, another St.
        Augustine's graduate, was born free and later became
        matron of the college. The sisters were members of a
        large family. The college campus and their well-edu¬
        cated, highly respected parents, shielded the girls from
        much of the misery experienced by African Americans
        during the early decades of freedom. Yet the sisters
        remember experiencing the change from reconstruc¬
        tion to the institution of the Jim Crow laws and the
        widespread practice of lynching, during their child¬
        hood. Elizabeth (called Bessie) nearly became the vic¬
        tim of a white mob. The sisters are very close and
        have lived together most of their lives, but they have
        developed different approaches to handling and sur¬
        mounting racism.      Both women pioneered in their
        fields as blacks and as women. Bessie earned a doctoral
        degree in surgical dentistry and was the second woman
60     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



        licensed to practice in New York. Sadie was the first
        black high school teacher of domestic science in the
        New York City system. The chapters are narrated al¬
        ternately by the two sisters, with Hearth contributing a
        chapter of background information at the beginning of
        each section. Both sisters comment on the need for
        blacks to be better than whites to succeed in the United
        States. Bessie states that
           when you are colored, everyone is always looking for your
           faults. If you are going to make it, you have to be entirely
           honest, clean, brilliant, and so on. ... So you don't have to be
           as good as white people, you have to be better or the best.
           When Negroes are average they fail, unless they are very,
           very lucky. Now if you're average and white, honey, you
           can go far. Just look at Dan Quayle. If that boy was colored
           he'd be washing dishes somewhere, (p. 154)


 109. Delorme, Eugene P. Chief: The Life History of Eugene De¬
        lorme, Imprisoned Santee Sioux. Written with Inez
        Cardozo-Freeman. American Indian Lives. Lincoln:
        University of Nebraska Press, 1994. ISBN: 0803214693.
        218 pages; photographs; bibliography.
        The first three chapters of this book were recorded by
        Delorme while he was in prison; the final chapter was
        written ten years later, after he had been released.
        Born on the reservation but raised in the city, Delorme
        did not grow up with a strong Native American iden¬
        tity or with much knowledge of his Dakota heritage.
        He became more involved with this culture through
        his contact with other Native American prisoners. He
        began stealing with his brother at an early age, mostly
        bringing home food to supplement the family's mea¬
        ger supplies. It was a pattern he was never able to
        break, although he had periods of time, mostly while
        in prison, where he was able to conform to society's
        expectations for suitable behavior, even to complete
        his education through college graduation. But outside
        of prison, Delorme was unable to resist drug and alco¬
        hol addiction for long. His last chapter concludes with
        the sentiment that he felt that he was better off in
        prison than on his own.
                    The Bibliography                         61



110. Dickerson, Leon.  Life Within Tivo Decades 1960-1980:
       Poetry, Essays and Photographs. Lawrenceville, Vir¬
       ginia: Brunswick Publishing Corporation, 1988. ISBN:
       1556180268. 115 pages; photographs.
       Note: Autobiographical essays, poetry, and pho¬
       tographs.
       In this collection of essays, Dickerson writes about his
       childhood in the segregated South and in Harlem; his
       experiences as a young revolutionary and poet; his de¬
       scent into drug addiction; and finally his reawakening
       and return to school to earn a Masters Degree in Social
       Work from Adelphi University.

111. Dorris, Michael. The Broken Cord. New York: Harper &
       Row, 1989. ISBN: 0060160713. 300 pages; photographs;
       bibliography.
       Note: Also published New York: Harper Perennial,
        1990. ISBN: 0060916826.
       Dorris, an anthropologist, writer, and sometime aero¬
       bics instructor, tells the story of his son, Adam, whom
       he adopted at the age of three. Dorris was aware that
       Adam had been abused, neglected and malnourished,
       and that he was at least mildly retarded. He writes of
       his first meeting with Adam and his instant and in¬
       tense commitment to and love for him. Adam's limi¬
       tations remained a puzzle, however, until Dorris
       learned about Fetal Alcohol Syndrome (FAS) and saw
       other children who were suffering from this affliction.
       At this point, Dorris realized that Adam, too, was af¬
       fected by the syndrome. Dorris began to research this
       disease with a passion, studying Native Americans on
       reservations in particular. He provides detailed in¬
       formation as to the cause of FAS/FAE (Fetal Alcohol
       Effect), and the nature of children born in this condi¬
       tion. Apparently, very little can be done beyond pro¬
       viding a safe and nurturing environment for these
       victims of parental alcohol abuse. Dorris, honestly and
       with humor, describes his life with Adam, and the dif¬
       ficulty of caring for a child, healthy or otherwise, as a
       single, working parent. He concludes this work at the
       point where Adam leaves home to live in a half-way
62      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         house, revealing the emotional struggle to relinquish
         some parental responsibility and daily involvement.
         Dorris also includes Adam's life story as Adam him¬
         self wrote it.

 112. Dudley, Joseph Iron Eye (1940-). Choteau Creek: A Sioux
        Reminiscence. Lincoln: University of Nebraska Press,
        1992. ISBN: 0803216904. 179 pages.
        Note: Also published New York: Warner Books, 1994.
        ISBN: 0446395196.
         Dudley grew up with his elderly grandparents,
         William and Bernice Bourisseau, near Choteau Creek,
         on the Yankton Sioux Reservation in South Eastern
         South Dakota. This book is in honor and in memory
         of them. He writes that his grandparents cared for
         him, feeding and clothing him, though they were al¬
         ways in a state of economic poverty. They also pro¬
         vided Dudley with a rich spiritual life, one which was
         both Christian and connected to traditional Sioux be¬
         liefs. He stayed with his grandparents, spending brief
         periods with his father or mother, until he was able to
         set out on his own. Dudley became a Methodist minis¬
         ter, and served two small parishes not far from where
         he grew up.

 113. Durham, Jimmie (1940-). "Those Dead Guys for a Hun¬
        dred Years." I Tell You Now: Autobiographical Essays
        by Native American Writers. Ed. Brian Swann and
        Arnold Krupat. Lincoln: University of Nebraska Press,
        1987. ISBN: 0803227140.

        See entry under Swann, Brian for a complete list of au¬
        thors included in this anthology.

 114. Early, Gerald Lyn. Daughters: On Family and Fatherhood.
         Reading, Massachusetts: Addison-Wesley Publishing
         Co., 1994. ISBN: 0201627248. 234 pages; photographs.
        Early writes about himself in the context of his family
        and in the role of father and husband. He notes that
        he was happy to be the father of daughters because he
        grew up without a father or brothers, and never
        learned to socialize well with men. He includes brief
                    The Bibliography                        63



       excerpts from his daughters' diaries (which were given
       to him for the book on their own initiative) and in¬
       cludes many of their impressions and responses to
       family events. Early maintains in his initial chapter
       that he writes only about his own family and experi¬
       ences and does not seek to represent any group of peo¬
       ple.

115. Eaton, Hubert Arthur (1916-). Every Man Should Try.
        Wilmington, North Carolina: Bonaparte Press, 1984.
        ISBN: none. 360 pages; photographs.
       A successful doctor in New Hanover County, North
       Carolina, Eaton was shocked out of complacency
       when, as a witness in a court trial, he was asked to
       swear on a Bible marked "colored." The fact that even
       the Bible could be segregated jolted him into action to
       effect change. Eaton worked to improve and integrate
       local schools and medical facilities, first within the
       strictures of the segregated South, and then within the
       court system. He gives a detailed account of a case in¬
       volving his youngest daughter, Carolyn Eaton, et al., v.
       New Hanover County Board of Education, which was
       aimed at speeding up the pace of desegregation in the
       public schools. This case was in the courts from 1964
       through July 1971. Eaton also worked to end discrimi¬
       nation and inequities in the welfare and Medicaid sys¬
       tem, and to increase voter registration in the African
       American community.        (In 1952 only 1,800 out of
       23,000 eligible African Americans were voting in New
       Hanover County.) He discusses his family's relation¬
       ship with Althea Gibson, the African American tennis
       player who went on to win two Wimbledon singles
       championships. Eaton and his family provided Gib¬
       son with a home and moral and financial support
       while she returned to high school at the age of 19 to
       earn her diploma. An avid tennis amateur himself,
       Eaton had his own tennis courts built because of the
       poor condition of courts available for use by African
       Americans.

116. Edenso, Christine.  The Transcribed Tapes of Christine
        Edenso. Transcribed by Vesta Johnson, Robert Cogo,
64     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



        and Nora Cogo. Anchorage: Materials Development
        Center, Rural Education, University of Alaska, 1983.
        ISBN: none. 45 pages; photographs.
        Christine Edenso recorded her story in Haida, a rapidly
        vanishing language, in 1980 at the age of 91. In her
        narrative, Edenso describes fishing and the uses for the
        different parts of the fish. She also explains the gather¬
        ing of a variety of vegetation used for food, medicines,
        and basket making. Edenso includes in her narrative a
        discussion of the effects of alcohol use on native life,
        and she tells the legend of the "Red Coho."

 117. Edwards, Harry (1942-). The Struggle That Must Be: An
        Autobiography. New York: Macmillan, 1980. ISBN:
        0025350404. 350 pages.
        Harry Edwards grew up in a family of eight children.
        When their mother left, the oldest daughter, not yet a
        teenager, took responsibility for the family, including
        two infants. Their father stopped in periodically to
        make sure that they had food. Edwards describes a
        childhood of abject poverty without adequate shelter,
        services, or parental care. He writes that "we had
        fallen into the chaotic and nightmarish world of peo¬
        ple who the combined forces of history, society, and bi¬
        ography have condemned to the status of so much ex¬
        cess baggage and human debris" (p. 3-4). Edwards be¬
        came involved in organized sports in junior high
        school, and he was eventually encouraged to go out to
        California to seek an athletic scholarship at one of the
        state universities. He eventually achieved this goal
        and attended San Jose State University (SJU). What
        seemed a golden opportunity soon deteriorated into a
        mire of racism and stereotyping. Edwards describes the
        situation of the few black athletes attending SJU dur¬
        ing those early years of integration, and his own per¬
        sonal experiences with racism from both coaches and
        fellow athletes. Edwards was one of the few black ath¬
        letes of his day to graduate from SJU, and he went on
        to pursue a doctoral degree in sociology from Cornell
        University and to teach at the University of California
        at Berkeley. Before attaining his position at Berkeley,
                      The Bibliography                          65


         Edwards gained a national reputation as the organizer
         of the Negro Boycott of the 1968 Olympics and became
         the subject of long-term FBI surveillance. His political
         activities led to an initial denial of tenure at UC Berke¬
         ley, which was overturned after it became an interna¬
         tional incident.

118. Ekada, Henry. Henry Ekada: Nulato. Interviews con¬
        ducted and text prepared by Yvonne Yarber and Curt
        Madison.    Yukon-Koyukuk Biography Series. Fair¬
       banks: Spirit Mountain Press, 1986. ISBN: 0910871094.
        64 pages; photographs; maps.
       Note: Produced by Yukon-Koyukuk School District of
       Alaska.

        Ekada tells stories of growing up, family, and work in
        the Alaskan interior along the Yukon River. Ekada's
        father was Japanese and his mother was Athapascan.
        He describes some of the difficulties experienced by his
        family because of their Japanese heritage and customs.
        For a brief description and list of autobiographies in
        this Yukon-Koyukuk School District series, see the en¬
        try for Moses Henzie.

119. Elaw, Zilpha (b. 1790?).
        See Lee, jarena.

120. Elizondo, Virgilio P. The Future is Mestizo: Life Where
        Cultures Meet. Oak Park, Illinois: Meyer-Stone Books,
        1988. ISBN: 094098928X. 109 pages.
        Note: Translation of L'avenir est au Metissage. Paris:
        Nouvelles Editions Marne, 1987. Also published New
        York: Crossroad, 1992.
        Elizondo describes himself as a middle-aged priest, na¬
        tive, and life-time resident of San Antonio.      This
        work, though autobiographical, is more a vision of the
        future than the study of a life. Elizondo had a happy
        childhood, always aware and proud of his Mexican
        heritage. This combination made it possible for him to
        survive the discrimination he inevitably faced as he
        moved out of the secure confines of his family and
        neighborhood. In setting out his vision, Elizondo ex-
66      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



          amines the different cultures that make up his Mestizo
          background—U.S.-Anglo, Spanish, Indian—and con¬
          cludes that no one heritage presents the sole model for
          existence, but all together make up a "new human."
          He writes, "I was rich in mixture, but I was not mixed-
          up! ... I was not just U.S.-American and not just Mex¬
          ican but fully both and exclusively neither" (p. 23).
          Having traveled widely and spent extended periods of
          time in a number of different countries, Elizondo
          came to realize that the populations of most nations
          are the product of mixed heritage: "The idea of pure
          seems to appear only when people forget their origins.
          All modern-day nations and cultures are products of a
          'mesticizing' process that often has long been forgot¬
          ten" (p. 101). Elizondo also addresses the fears that
          some have expressed concerning multiculturalism:
          "Americanism is not disappearing, but it is radiating a
          new image and experiencing a new soul—no longer
          the face and voice of a soloist, but the countenance and
          heart of an entire symphony" (p. 94).

 121. Ellis, Jerry.Walking the Trail: One Man's Journey Along
          the Cherokee Trail of Tears.  New York: Delacorte
          Press, 1991. ISBN: 038530448X. 256 pages; maps; bibli¬
          ography.
          Note: Also published Thorndike, Maine: Thorndike
          Press, 1993. ISBN: 1560548851:1560546425; New York:
          Delta, 1993. ISBN: 0385308264.
          Jerry Ellis, of mixed Cherokee and European ancestry,
          was raised in Fort Payne, Alabama. His ancestors had
          been forced to relocate to Fort Payne or one of twelve
          other camps and then were led on a 900-mile march to
          Oklahoma during the winter of 1838. Ellis wished to
          become closer to this piece of Cherokee history by mak¬
          ing the walk himself, only in reverse—from Okla¬
          homa to Fort Payne. This book describes his two-
          month-long sojourn, the places he passed through, the
          people he met, his thoughts and emotions. Ellis met
          both Indians and non-Indians, most of whom were
          supportive of his walk. His hopes were that his effort
          would help to affix the tragic event of 1838, during
                     The Bibliography                        67



        which 4,000 Cherokees died, in the minds of all Amer¬
        icans.

122. Estes, Bernice Q. They Called Me Sweetgrass. Bellevue,
        Washington: Sweetgrass Publishing, 1990.     ISBN:
        0964443856. 79 pages; photographs.
        Bernice Estes describes life with her grandparents on
        the Mandan Reservation in North Dakota. She left
        this community at 18, and married soon after. Her
        married life included a loving relationship with her
        husband, but economic hardships, health problems,
        and difficulties with her children. A psychic, Estes de¬
        scribes her many visions and dreams.

123. Fairbanks, Evelyn (1928-). The Days of Rondo. St. Paul:
        Minnesota Historical Society Press, 1990.        ISBN:
        0873512553:0873512561. 182 pages; photographs.
        Note: An abridged version is also available on cassette
        tape.
        Fairbanks writes about growing up with her adoptive
        family in the Rondo District of St. Paul, Minnesota, a
        black community that was erased by the highway de¬
        partment to make way for Interstate 94 in the 1960s.
        Fairbanks describes her school years and what it was
        like to be black in Minnesota: the positive aspects of
        her family and community, and the negative aspects of
        discrimination. She tells about visits to relatives in
        Macon, Georgia, and finally her career and adult years.
        She explains that the Rondo District was changing
        even before the highway was built through it, but that
        former residents remember their life there with fond¬
        ness. An annual celebration called Rondo Days is
        held, according to Fairbanks, "to remember and recre¬
        ate at least the atmosphere of our community" (p. 182).

124. Farmer, James (1920-).  Lay Bare the Heart: An Autobiog¬
        raphy of the Civil Rights Movement. New York: Ar¬
        bor House, 1985. ISBN: 0877956243. 370 pages; photo¬
        graphs.
        Note: Also published New York: New American Li¬
        brary, 1985. ISBN: 0452258030.
68     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



        Farmer begins his story by describing his role as a
        Congress of Racial Equality (CORE) leader and partici¬
        pant in the Freedom Ride into Mississippi in 1961. He
        emphasizes the fear and uncertainty that he and other
        participants felt as they prepared to make the trip after
        the violent mobbing of a previous Freedom Ride to
        Alabama, but he also speaks of the urgent need of all
        the participants to carry out their commitment.
        Farmer then goes on to document his long association
        with non-violent activities, beginning in the early
        1940s with his work for the Quaker organization Fel¬
        lowship of Reconciliation (FOR), and including his po¬
        sition as national director of CORE.

 125. Faulkner, Audrey Olsen, et al. When I was Cornin' Up:
        An Oral History of Aged Blacks. Hamden, Connecti¬
        cut: Archon Books, 1982. ISBN: 0208019529. 221 pages;
        bibliography.
        Note: "Life histories of elderly black people in Newark,
        New Jersey from tape-recorded reminiscences collected
        as a project of the Rutgers Graduate School of Social
        Work."
         The thirteen subjects of this collection of oral histories
         were selected from one public housing project in
         Newark, New Jersey. The purpose of the collection is
         to document the lives of those who participated in the
         great northern migration of African Americans from
         the South.

 126. Fields, David. Growing-up in a Rural Setting. Ontario:
         Vesta Publications, 1983. ISBN: 0919301800. 76 pages;
         illustrations.
         Fields grew up in rural Alabama and, after finishing
         high school, eventually made his way to Detroit,
         Michigan. Arriving there while the city was still re¬
         covering from the riots of 1967, he was shocked by how
         dangerous life was and realized that it was not the
         "promised land" he had expected to find. Although he
         was not encouraged by anyone at his high school to at¬
         tend college or pursue a professional career—the only
         employer to attend the high school job fair was the
                      The Bibliography                          69



         U.S. Military—Fields was determined to do both. He
         describes his positive experiences at an all-black college
         and then, returning to Detroit, his career as a parole of¬
         ficer working with individuals addicted to drugs and
         alcohol. Ironically, Fields found that he himself was a
         substance abuser with a serious alcohol problem. He
         writes about the extent of his addiction and the effect
         that it had on his family life. Afraid to seek help be¬
         cause of his work but unable to help himself. Fields
         explored transcendental meditation (TM). His experi¬
         ences with TM enabled him to become sober within
         two months.

127. Fields, Mamie Garvin (1888-).   Lemon Swamp and Other
         Places: A   Carolina Memoir.   Written with Karen
         Fields. New York: Free Press, 1983. ISBN: 0029101603.
         250 pages; photographs.
        Mamie Fields narrates the story of her family, describes
        her neighbors and neighborhood, and relates the
        events and customs of her life in Charleston, South
        Carolina, from her birth in 1888 to her retirement
        from teaching in 1948. Fields testifies to the richness of
        Charleston's African American culture, but also re¬
        counts the many restrictions placed on African Ameri¬
        cans by the white society—restrictions that held fast ac¬
        cording to both written and unwritten law. After
        training to be a teacher. Fields taught in several rural
        schools. She describes what was and wasn’t provided
        by the state and the difficulty many children had at¬
        tending school during the brief period it was officially
        offered them. Fields also provides insight into the
        high infant and maternal mortality rate, giving a per¬
        sonal account of her own loss and the losses suffered
        by her extended family and friends.

128. Fisher, Charles B. (18407-1903). Diary of Charles B. Fisher.
        Transcribed and edited by Paul E. Sluby and Stanton L.
        Wormley.     Washington, D.C.: Columbian Harmony
        Society, 1983. ISBN: none. 106 leaves; photographs.
        Fisher kept this diary during his two years in the navy,
        beginning in 1862. In this diary, Fisher recorded the
70       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



          daily activities of shipboard life, described the mem¬
          bers of the crew, and provided accounts of their battles.

 129. Fisher, Te Ata.
         See Te Ata.

 130. Fong-Torres, Ben.  The Rice Room: Growing Up Chinese-
          American: From Number Two Son to Rock 'n' Roll.
          New York: Hyperion, 1994. ISBN: 0786860022. 260
          pages.
          Note: Also published New York: Plume, 1995. ISBN:
          0452274125.
          Fong-Torres, formerly a Rolling Stone editor and rock
           'n' roll DJ, now a freelance writer, was born in 1945 to
          Chinese immigrant parents. In his life story, Fong-
          Torres gives the reader a taste of the times, chronicling
          his musical preferences along with his childhood, ado¬
          lescence, and college years, his ups and downs with
          women, and his work in journalism and rock 'n' roll.
          In describing his relationship with his parents, who
          spoke Cantonese with only a smattering of English,
          Fong-Torres focuses on the difficulty of communica¬
          tion during a time when the "generation gap" of the
          late 60s and early 70s was unbridgeable, even in
          households where everyone spoke the same language.
          Fong-Torres writes: "This is one of the great sadnesses
          of my life. How ironic, I would think. We're all well
          educated, thanks in part to our parents’ hard work and
          determination; I'm a journalist and a broadcaster—my
          job is to communicate—and I can't with the two peo¬
          ple with whom I want to most" (p. 5).

 131. Foote, Julia A. J. (1823-1900).
         See Lee, J arena.

 132. Forbes, Jack D. (1934-).    "Shouting Back to the Geese." I
          Tell You Noiv: Autobiographical Essays        by Native
          American Writers. Ed. Brian Swann and Arnold Kru-
          pat.  Lincoln: University of Nebraska Press, 1987.
          ISBN: 0803227140.
                    The Bibliography                         71



        See entry under Swann, Brian for a complete list of au¬
        thors included in this anthology.

133. Ford, Nick Aaron.  Seeking a Newer World: Memoirs of a
        Black American Teacher. Great Neck, New York: Todd
        and Honeywell, 1983.    ISBN: 0899622771.    285 pages;
        photographs.
       Ford became a teacher both at the high school and col¬
       lege level after experiencing great difficulty himself in
       obtaining an education. Both former slaves, Ford's
       parents were well educated for their time, and they
       were determined that Nick receive an even better edu¬
       cation than their own.      When his father died, his
       mother went to extremes to get Nick through high
       school. Although it seemed both economically and
       strategically impossible. Ford completed high school
       and went on to get a college degree as well. Later in
       life he earned an M.A. and a Ph.D. Ford taught litera¬
       ture and specialized in African American literature.
       He published The Contemporary Negro Novel in 1936.
       He completed his teaching career as the Alain Locke
       Professor of Black Studies at Morgan State University
       and as a consultant for Black Studies programs na¬
       tionwide.

134. Forman, James (1928-). The Making of Black Revolution¬
        aries. 2nd ed. Washington, D.C.: Open Hand Press,
        1990. ISBN: 0940880113:0940880105. 568 pages.
        Note: First edition published New York: Macmillan
        Co., 1972.
       James Foreman writes that this book is an "attempt to
       illustrate the development of [himself] and of others
       within the context of a racist, brutal, sexist, and anti-
       Semitic society" (p. xix). In this second edition. Fore¬
       man strengthens his original position in support of
       women's rights. After reading through 3,000 pages of
       his personal files from the FBI and CIA, he is able to
       document the government's role in the destruction of
       the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee
       (SNCC).
72      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



 135. Forten, Charlotte L.  The Journal of Charlotte L. Forten: A
         Free Negro in the Slave Era. Ed. Ray Allen Billington.
         New York: W. W. Norton, 1981. ISBN: 039300046X.
         286 pages; bibliography.
         Note: Originally published New York, Dry den Press,
         1953.
         A school teacher living in the North, Forten kept this
         journal from May 24, 1854, through May 15, 1864. The
         editor has chosen to delete certain sections of the diary.

 136. Fortunate Eagle, Adam.   Alcatraz, Alcatraz!: The Indian
         Occupation of 1969-1971. Photographs by Ilka Hart¬
         mann.    Berkeley, California: Heydey Books, 1992.
         ISBN: 0930588517. 155 pages; photographs; map.
         Adam Fortunate Eagle tells the story of the takeover of
         Alcatraz by "The Indians of All Tribes" in 1969. He ex¬
         plains the roots of the movement, which began in the
         1950s with the U.S. Government’s efforts to move Na¬
         tive Americans out of the reservations and into urban
         areas. Thus, by 1969, there were thousands of Indians
         in the San Francisco Bay Area who had been relocated
         from all over the country. Many of them experienced
         a strong sense of displacement and a need to regain
         traditional culture. The goals of the takeover included
         making the island a center of Native arts, history, and
         education. Fortunate Eagle describes his role in the oc¬
         cupation as an organizer who provided support from
         the mainland. He tells of the successes and failures of
         the occupation, and of its long term benefits: it pro¬
         vided a catalyst to awaken and instill pride in Native
         Americans throughout the U.S. despite the fact that its
         immediate goals were not met.

                           Your Mind is Your Life, Your Word
 137. Francis, Lelia (1904-).
         is Your Bond: An Autobiography. The Black Contem¬
         porary Lives Series. Dayton Ohio (402 Salem Ave.,
         Dayton 45406): Fells Johnson Techni-write, Inc., 1989.
         ISBN: none. 128 pages; photographs.
         Francis' father, who was born into slavery and bought
         both his and his mother's freedom, told his children
         that they should neither work for or rent from any-
                       The Bibliography                                      73



        body. He owned a five-acre farm in Saltlick, Kentucky,
        where Francis grew up, which allowed the family to be
        self-sufficient. Francis took his advice to heart, and, af¬
        ter a period of time spent as a teacher and as a cosme¬
        tologist, she entered into the real estate business with
        her husband and her brother in Dayton, Ohio.
        Through this enterprise, they were able to assist Day¬
        ton's African American community by opening up
        white neighborhoods to black families.

138. Frias, Gus. Barrio Warriors: Homeboys of Peace. Los An¬
         geles: Diaz, 1982. 181 pages; photographs.
         Note: Also published as Barrio Patriots: Killing and
         Dying for America. 2nd ed., revised and enlarged. Los
         Angeles: n.p., 1989.
        This personal testimony was written by Frias after
        eight years as a volunteer for the End Barrio Warfare
        Movement. His story begins in 1970 with the National
        Chicano Moratorium, a major demonstration orga¬
        nized to protest the large number of Chicano deaths in
        Vietnam. Frias was 15 at the time and ready to enter
        high school. He then describes the pressures and dan¬
        gers of attending high school with members of rival
        barrios and the difficulty of concentrating on class¬
        room activities and schoolwork. His involvement in
        barrio rivalries (Frias purposely avoids the use of the
        term "gang") ends in 1972 with the murder of his best
        friend. The normal sequence of events would be for a
        murder to lead to revenge, but this death awakened
        Frias to the senselessness of murder following murder.
        He resolved to dedicate his life to ending what he
        refers to as the Chicano Civil War:
           In search of a diabolic revenge, I found, instead, a path to an
           altruistic frontier—one centered in respect, trust, and sincere
           Chicano understanding. I can still remember facing the two
           dynamic paths of justice: one implying further fratricide
           through the barrio's law of 'reclamar'; the other expressing
           brotherhood, peace, awareness, and clean pride through
           Chicanismo. (p. 34)
        The rest of this work chronicles Frias's experiences: or¬
        ganizing, recruiting, and providing inspiration for the
        End Barrio Warfare Movement; struggling to dispel
        the suspicions his transformation raised in his barrio
74      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



        associates; his success as a student and his attendance
        at the University of Southern California and Hastings
        Law School (San Francisco). Frias sets forth his analy¬
        sis of and solutions for the problems faced by young
        boys and men in the barrios of California, clearly de¬
        picting the magnitude of the loss to families and the
        Chicano people caused by barrio rivalries. This book,
        which includes many moving photographs and poems
        inspired by the End Barrio Warfare Movement, is a
        symbol of Frias's dedication to the movement.

 139. Fukuda, Yoshiaki (1898-1958).     My Six Years of Intern¬
        ment: An Issei's Struggle for Justice. Translated by the
        Konko Church of San Francisco. San Francisco: Konko
        Church of San Francisco, 1990. ISBN: none. 150 pages;
        photographs.
        Note: First English edition of Yokuryu Seikatsu
        Rokunen, 1957.
        A Japanese national and a civic and spiritual leader,
        Fukuda was arrested immediately after the bombing of
        Pearl Harbor and subsequently interned with other Is-
        sei and German and Italian prisoners of war on the
        grounds that he was a spy for the Japanese. He de¬
        scribes conditions of the POWs as being superior to his
        own both in terms of housing, services, and space pro¬
        vided. He became a spiritual adviser to his fellow in¬
        ternees, and details the psychological effect of intern¬
        ment on the Japanese, ranging from servility to mili¬
        tancy. Among the last to be released, Fukuda began
        writing about the forced relocation in the Japanese
        American press, and also in a petition for redress to
        the United States Government (February 10, 1957).
        This book includes a copy of the petition in which he
        documents specific extreme treatment of individuals
        and challenges the general legality of the whole opera¬
        tion within the context of domestic and international
        law. Besides the general issue of the relocation and in¬
        ternment of Japanese nationals and Japanese Ameri¬
        cans living in the United States, Fukuda addresses the
        threat of forced deportation for many Issei after the
        war, the plight of ethnic Japanese who were deported
        to the United States from Peru, Colombia, and other
                        The Bibliography                      75



        South American Countries during the war and then
        threatened with deportation to Japan after the war, and
        finally of the need to restore U.S. citizenship to those
        Nisei who renounced it during their internment.

140. Funderburg, Lisa.  Black, White, Other: Biracial Ameri¬
        cans Talk About Race and Identity. New York: W.
        Morrow, 1994.      ISBN: 0688118240.   391 pages; photo¬
        graphs.
        Funderburg interviewed individuals who met the cri¬
        terion of having "one biological parent who identified
        as black and one who identified as white" (p. 15). The
        book is the result of interviews with 65 people con¬
        ducted during 1992. Interviewees were essentially re¬
        sponding to the request that they tell about their lives,
        their ideas about race, and their racial identity. The
        book is divided into chapters such as "Parents and
        family," "Neighborhood," "School," "Work," "Love
        and Romance,” "Religion and Politics," and "The Next
        Generation."

                    Laughing in the Dark: From Colored Girl
141. Gaines, Patrice.
        to Woman of Color—A Journey From Prison to
        Power. New York: Crown Publishers, Inc., 1994. ISBN:
        0517594757. 295 pages.
        Gaines decided to turn her life around when she
        found herself in prison charged with possession of
        drugs, waving to her young daughter through a small
        frosted pane of glass in the prison wall. The change,
        however, was difficult to make. Drugs were alluring,
        employment was not easy to come by, and Gaines
        seemed to be attracted to the "wrong" kind of men, a
        practice she attributed to her low self-esteem and lone¬
        liness. After one more near miss with prison while
        still on parole, Gaines finally did change the direction
        of her life. She attended classes that led to her being
        hired by the Charlotte Observer as a secretary. She
        then became a reporter at the Miami News, and went
        on to the Washington Post, where she covered city
        news. This book is based on an article she wrote for
        the Post about her early years and experiences with
76      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         drugs, jail, rape, unwanted pregnancy, and despair.
         She was moved to write this story after observing girls
         and women in Washington, D.C., who seemed to be
         going through experiences similar to her own. This
         award-winning article served as an emotional release
         for Gaines. It also provided her with opportunities to
         give inspirational speeches to women in prison,
         teenage girls in crises, and young men in court as¬
         signed to rites-of-passage programs.

 142. Galvan, Jesse (1937-).  The Way Back: The Autobiography
         of Jesse Galvan, Jr.: Businessman, Comedian, Federal
         Employee.    San Antonio: Watercress Press, 1992.
         ISBN: 0934955255. 123 pages; photographs.
         Texas businessman Jesse Galvan provides an account
         of his life, and the legal problems he ran into as a
         member of the loan division of the SBA.

 143. Garcia, Lionel G.    I Hear the Cow Bells Ring: Growing Up
         in South Texas.  Houston: Arte Publico Press, 1994.
         ISBN: 1558851143. 205 pages.
         These autobiographical vignettes are a "testament to
         the love and joy of being raised as a Mexican American
         in deep South Texas" (p. 14). Garcia writes of growing
         up in the comfortable town of San Diego in Duval
         County, Texas, a town populated predominantly by
         Mexican Americans. Religion played a prominent role
         in this Catholic town, permeating daily life. Large ex¬
         tended families watched out for the children in a
         communal manner, creating a sense of security and
         well-being despite economic hardship. Garcia pro¬
         vides portraits of various family members and com¬
         munity members, including the town priest; accounts
         of various boyhood activities and antics; and descrip¬
         tions of farming and ranching.

 144. Garcia, Mario T.
         See Carona, Bert.
                     The Bibliography                         77



145. Gardner, LeRoy (1924-).   Prophet Without Honor. St.
       Paul: Neo Life Publications, 1991. ISBN: none. 173
       pages.

                           Bearing Witness: Selections From
146. Gates, Henry Louis, ed.
        African-American Autobiography in the Twentieth
        Century. New York: Pantheon Books, 1991. ISBN:
        0679735208:0394585224. 385 pages; photographs; bibli¬
        ography.
        This book is a collection of 28 autobiographical essays
        and excerpts originally published between 1904 and
        1990. Many of the excerpted works are included in this
        bibliography. The following works in Gates's book are
        not otherwise a part of this bibliography and were orig¬
        inally published in journals or essay collections:
        Fannie Barrier Williams, "A Northern Negro's Auto¬
        biography," 1904; Marita Bonner, "On Being Young—
        A Woman—and Colored," 1925; Zora Neale Hurston,
        "How it Feels to be Colored Me," 1928; Alice Walker,
        "Beauty: When the Other Dancer is the Self," 1983;
        Houston A. Baker, Jr., "What Charles Knew," 1987;
        and Bell Hooks, "Black is a Woman's Color," 1989.

147. Gates, Henry Louis , Jr. Colored People: A Memoir. New
        York: Knopf, 1994. ISBN: 0679421793. 216 pages.
        Note: Also published New York: Vintage Books, 1995.
        ISBN: 0679421793.
       Gates was four when Brown vs. Topeka Board of Edu¬
       cation made illegal the institutionalized "separate-but-
       equal" policies of the South. Consequently, he began
       his education attending a newly-integrated school and
       experiencing life quite differently from his parents,
       older relatives, and even from his older brother six
       years his senior. Gates takes the reader through the
       important phases of his life, including his mother's
       depression and his subsequent religious conversion;
       the strict code of behavior which he adopted but which
       was eventually moderated under the influence of an
       Episcopal priest; and his transformation from "Negro"
       to "black." He describes his town, extended family and
       friends, and the changes that occurred as integration
78     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



        took hold in their small community of Piedmont,
        West Virginia. Gates writes: "Only later did I come to
        realize that for many of the colored people in Pied¬
        mont . . . integration was experienced as a loss. The
        warmth and nurturance of the womblike colored
        world was slowly and inevitably disappearing . . ." (p.
        184).

 148. Gayton, Narcissus Duffy.
        See Boyer, Ruth McDonald.

 149. Gibson, Bob (1935-). Stranger to the Game. Written with
         Lonnie Wheeler.    New York: Viking, 1994.     ISBN:
         0670847941. 286 pages; photographs.
        Bob Gibson tells the story of his athletic career, the
        preparation for which began on neighborhood baseball
        teams coached by his dedicated and hard-working
        brother. He continued to develop his skills on high
        school and college teams where he focused on basket¬
        ball, as a player with the Cardinals' minor league, and
        in the off-season, with the Harlem Globe Trotters.
        These activities finally culminated with his major
        league career as a pitcher for the Cardinals. Playing
        minor league baseball in Georgia and attending major
        league spring training in Florida, Gibson was not im¬
        mune to racial attacks. He experienced some discrimi¬
        nation breaking into the major leagues, some hostile
        comments from "fans," and problems with one man¬
        ager. His team experience, however, was very posi¬
        tive. Gibson writes about the exceptional camaraderie
        of the Cardinals, which he believes helped them be¬
        come a championship team in the 1960s. Gibson closes
        his book with a discussion of how baseball has
        changed, his own professional reputation, and a re¬
        view of the possible reasons why, at the time of the
        writing of this book, he had been unable to find work
        in major league baseball after his retirement.

 150. Gilbert, Roland (1947-). The Ghetto Solution. Written
         with Cheo Tyehimba-Taylor. Waco, Texas: WRS Pub¬
         lishing, 1993. ISBN: 1567960219. 187 pages; photo¬
         graphs.
                     The Bibliography                          79



        Gilbert grew up in the Acorn Housing project in Oak¬
        land, California, and managed to survive a rough
        childhood. He describes himself as sexually active at 8,
        a father at 13, and married with two more sons at the
        age of 19. He became part of a group which success¬
        fully robbed banks for one year before they were caught
        by the FBI. After serving three years of a fifteen year
        prison term, Gilbert was released. He attended college
        and graduate school and ran a successful business until
        he became the victim of cocaine addiction. A religious
        conversion helped him to turn his life around. He
        formed Simba, Inc., which operates on the belief that
        "[pjeople are more important than objects and each of
        us has the power to choose our own behavior in spite
        of other people and circumstances. Simba exists to
        save our ghetto children” (p. 34). Simba, Inc., provides
        an extended family type of environment for young
        boys, as well as spiritual and motivational support. Its
        activities, goals, and some of its successes are described
        by Gilbert in this work.

151. Giovanni, Nikki. Racism 101. New York: W. Morrow,
        1994. ISBN: 0688043321. 203 pages.
        Note: Also published New York: Quill, 1994. ISBN:
        0688142346.
        A collection of loosely related essays which look at is¬
        sues of literature, art, and history, as well as Gio¬
        vanni's own life and memories.

152. Glancy, Diane (1941-).   "Two Dresses."I Tell You Now:
        Autobiographical Essays by Native American Writers.
        Ed. Brian Swann and Arnold Krupat. Lincoln: Uni¬
        versity of Nebraska Press, 1987. ISBN: 0803227140.
        See entry under Swann, Brian for a complete list of au¬
        thors included in this anthology.

153. Glen, Isabella C. Life on St. Helena Island. New York:
        Carlton Press, 1980. ISBN: none. 79 pages.
        Glen writes about everyday life on the Island of St.
        Helena in South Carolina. A teacher herself, in her
        narrative she emphasizes the schools of St. Helena and
80     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



        the teachers that taught in them from the mid-nine¬
        teenth century on. She mentions the African Ameri¬
        can teacher Charlotte Forten, who came to teach the
        newly-freed slaves just after emancipation. As a child,
        Glen studied under her older brother who was just 17,
        the same age as many of his students, when he began
        teaching. In the early days after emancipation, the
        African American children received a classical educa¬
        tion.   As time passed, however, the academically-
        oriented curriculum was dropped for a more "practi¬
        cal" program in which the children were taught farm¬
        ing techniques, basketry, and other related skills in¬
        stead. Glen discusses methods of crop production and
        food preparation, holidays and other festive occasions,
        and the customs, beliefs, and religious practices of the
        community. Glen also writes about her work and life
        away from the Island in New York and Philadelphia.

 154. Golden, Marita.   Migrations of the Heart: A Personal
        Odyssey. Garden City, New York: Anchor Press, 1983.
        ISBN: 0385175191. 234 pages.
        Note: Also published New York: Ballantine Books,
        1987. ISBN: 0345346696.
        Marita Golden marries a Nigerian man whom she met
        while attending Columbia University. She moves to
        Nigeria with him, and the cultural differences begin to
        manifest themselves more and more prominently.
        Polygamy, male marital sovereignty, and personal
        freedom are some of the issues she confronts. Golden
        pursues a teaching and writing career while in Nigeria
        to help with family finances and to shore up her own
        deteriorating ego. As her marriage falls apart, she
        seeks advice from her African American friends also
        married to Nigerians. She is told that if she wants to
        keep her son, who by Nigerian law belongs to the
        father, she will have to escape back to the United
        States. Although this decision is difficult because of
        her love for Nigeria, Golden leaves the country rather
        than risk the loss of her son.

155. Gonzales, George L. The Other Side of the Coin. Ogden,
       Utah: n.p., 1987. ISBN: none. 126 pages; photographs;
                     The Bibliography                        81



        documentation.
        Note: Caption title: Autobiography of George L. Gonza¬
        les: 65 Years of Life Combined With 35 Years of Joys
        and Sorrows at Hill Air Force Base, Utah.
        George Gonzales writes about his Navy and civil ser¬
        vice career as well as his contributions to the Latino/a
        community in Utah through his television and radio
        talk show programs. His program, "The Other Side of
        the Coin," had as its theme "what it is to be a minority
        in the State of Utah." Gonzales also provides a history
        of his family in Mexico and includes his childhood
        memories of growing up on his grandfather's ranch in
        New Mexico. His primary motivation for writing this
        book was to vindicate himself of accusations concern¬
        ing his competence made by supervisors at the Hill Air
        Force Base, where Gonzales was employed for 37 years.

156. Gonzalez, Ray. Memory Fever: A Journey Beyond El Paso
       del Norte. Seattle: Broken Moon Press, 1993. ISBN:
       0913089494. 223 pages.
        Poet Gonzalez has written a collection of brief essays
        which represent a series of memories and impressions
        of his experiences growing up in El Paso, Texas. Im¬
        portant elements which have contributed to his de¬
        velopment as an individual and a writer are explored.
        Some of the elements are the people, natural land¬
        scape, and wildlife of El Paso and the Texas and New
        Mexico deserts. Gonzalez writes about his ties to the
        desert in the essay "The Active Poet": "In order to
        write poetry from the heart, I had to confront the land
        where I grew up. I found an immense solitude among
        the cactus and rocks, and I discovered that the force of
        my poems rose from a mysterious connection to the
        desert" (p. 97).

157. Goodbird, Edward. Goodbird the Indian: His Story. As
       told to Gilbert L. Wilson. Illustrated by Frederick N.
       Wilson. St. Paul: Minnesota Historical Society Press,
       1985. ISBN: 0873511883. 78 pages; engravings; map.
       Note: Originally published: New York: F. H. Revell,
        Co., 1914.
82      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



        This work has been reprinted with new introductory
        material by Mary Jane Schneider, providing informa¬
        tion about both Wilson and Goodbird, explaining the
        circumstances that brought them together and
        Wilson's relationship to Goodbird's tribe. Schneider
        also points out which portions of the work are
        Wilson's additions, what parts have been censored,
        and which parts are truly the words of Goodbird. This
        work was originally part of a series of educational
        books for children sponsored by the Council of
        Women for Home Missions. In his life story, Good-
        bird describes the traditional ways in which he was
        brought up and how those traditions were set aside or
        weakened through the influence of schools and
        churches or because they were directly forbidden by
        federal law.

 158. Gooding, James Henry (1837-1864). On the Altar of Free¬
        dom: A Black Soldier's Civil War Letters From the
        Front. Amherst: University of Massachusetts Press,
        1991. ISBN: 0870237454. 139 pages; engravings; maps;
        bibliography.
        Note: Also published New York: Warner Books, 1992.
        ISBN: 0446394149.

        These civil war letters were originally written for
        weekly publication in a Massachusetts newspaper. In
        them, Gooding documented the formation of the
        country s first black regiment, the 54th Regiment of
        Massachusetts. Gooding wrote about the beginning of
        the regiment and its members, their camp life, and the
        battles they fought. He also discussed issues of justice,
        focusing on the inequitable pay received by the black
        troops. Through his writings, Gooding helped per¬
        suade Congress to end the pay discrimination. Before
        the end of the war, however, Gooding was imprisoned
        in the notorious Andersonville Prison, where he died.

159. Gordon, Jacob U. Narratives of African Americans in
       Kansas, 1870-1992: Beyond the Exodust Movement.
       Lewiston, New York: E. Mellen Press, 1993. ISBN:
       0773493506. 302 pages; photographs; bibliography.
                    The Bibliography                          83



       This is a collection of 35 brief narratives, both oral and
       written, by African Americans living in Kansas. The
       narrators represent a variety of socio-economic and
       education levels.     Although the narratives vary in
       content, most authors give some family background,
       and many describe life in a segregated Kansas, and ana¬
       lyze how and why changes in this system occurred.

160. Gordy, Berry.  To Be Loved: The Music, the Magic, the
       Memories of Motown: An Autobiography. New York:
       Warner Books, 1994. ISBN: 044651523X. 432 pages;
       photographs.
       Gordy began promoting music and musicians at a very
       early age by taking a friend of his door to door and
       having him sing for the neighborhood at 50 cents a
       song. This entrepreneurship led to the development
       and success of Motown Records headquartered in De¬
       troit, Michigan. Gordy describes his early professional
       days writing songs and promoting groups. As head of
       Motown Records, Gordy worked with Smokey Robin¬
       son and the Miracles, Diana Ross and the Supremes,
       Stevie Wonder, the Jackson 5, and many other artisti¬
       cally and commercially successful groups. Gordy sold
       his music empire to MCA in 1988 because it had be¬
       come more difficult for him to reap a profit, and be¬
       cause of his developing interests in film production.

161. Grayson, George Washington (1843-1920). A Creek War¬
        rior for the Confederacy: The Autobiography of Chief
        G. W. Grayson. Ed. W. David Baird. The Civilization
        of the American Indian 189. Norman: University of
        Oklahoma Press, 1988. ISBN: 0806121033. 181 pages;
        photographs; bibliography; maps.
       Grayson's manuscript waited some sixty years for pub¬
       lication and was, perhaps, only intended for the eyes of
       his family. Educated in the western classical tradition,
       Grayson was among the few Native American leaders
       of his time able to write his own story. Of mixed-
       blood, or Metis heritage, Grayson provides rare insight
       into the views and influence of a Metis elite within
       the Creek Nation. This autobiography tells the story of
84      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         the Creek Nation, its tribal framework, and its troubles
         and inner controversies. It also describes the U.S.
         Government's dealings with the Creeks specifically
         and the tribes removed to Oklahoma in general.
         Grayson ends his autobiography with the establish¬
         ment of the Dawes Commission in March 1893, which
         led to the dissolution of the tribal governments of the
         Oklahoma tribes and the allotment of their land.

 162. Green, Ely (1893-). Ely: An Autobiography. Athens: Uni¬
         versity of Georgia Press, 1990. ISBN: 0820312347. 246
         pages.
         Reprint, with new introduction. Originally published
         New York: Seabury Press, 1966.

 163. Greene, Lorenzo Johnston (1899-). Working with Carter
         G. Woodson, the Father of Black History: A Diary,
         1928-1930. Baton Rouge: Louisiana State University
         Press, 1989. ISBN: 0807114731. 487 pages; photographs;
         bibliography.
         Greene documents the two years of his life spent work¬
         ing with prominent African American historians
         Carter G. Woodson and Charles H. Wesley, giving his
         impressions of their scholarship, contributions, and
         personalities. Woodson has been named by many as
         the "father of Negro history," having founded the As¬
         sociation for the Study of Negro Life and History
         (ASNLH) and The Journal of Negro History, and orig¬
         inated Negro History Week. Greene, who worked as a
         research assistant and field worker for Woodson and
         the ASNLH, calls this record of that period in his life a
         "potpourri of the economic, social, and political condi¬
         tions under which Negroes lived in their communi¬
         ties at that time" (p. 1).

 164. Greenfield, Eloise (1929-), Lessie Jones Little (1906-) and
         Pattie Ridley Jones (1884-?).     Childtimes: A Three-
         Generation Memoir. New York: Harper Trophy, 1993.
         ISBN: 0064461343. 175 p>ages; photographs; drawings.
         Note: Originally published New York: Thomas Y.
         Crowell, 1979. ISBN: 0690038755; New York: Scholas-
                    The Bibliography                         85



        tic, 1979. ISBN: 0590467298; New York: Harper Collins,
        1979. ISBN: 0690038747.
        This work presents the childhood memories of three
        black women—grandmother, mother, and daughter—
        who grew up between the 1880s and 1950s in Parmele,
        North Carolina, and Washington, D.C.

165. Gregory, Dick (1932-). Nigger: An Autobiography. Writ¬
        ten with Robert Lipsyte.     New York: Washington
        Square Press, 1986. ISBN: 0671626116. 209 pages; pho¬
        tographs.
        Originally published New York: Dutton, 1964.

166. Guerrero, Salvador. Memorias, a West Texas Life. Ed.
       Arnoldo DeLeon. Lubbock: Texas Technical Univer¬
       sity Press, 1991. ISBN: 0896722511:0896722554. 126
       pages; illustrations; map.
       This series of short narratives is about ordinary people
       making something of themselves through their own
       efforts and resolve.     Guerrero's family moved to
       northern Mexico close to the Texas border to escape the
       Mexican Revolution. For some time they crossed back
       and forth over the Texas-Mexico border following the
       availability of field work, until they finally settled
       permanently in San Angelo, Texas. Guerrero writes of
       segregated movie theaters, separate and unequal
       schools, and the first challenges to that system. Be¬
       cause of his family's work in the fields, Guerrero was
       never able to attend more than three months of school
       at a time. When he did attend, the classes were only
       held half days because of overcrowded conditions.
       Guerrero had to walk over 35 blocks to attend school
       for three hours a day. He describes the kind of work
       available to Mexican Americans, the recreational activ¬
       ities, and his World War II experiences, which in¬
       cluded participation in the invasion of Normandy on
       D-Day. After his discharge from the armed services,
       Guerrero was involved in a number of political and
       civic activities. He was the first Mexican American to
       become elected County Commissioner in Ector
       County, Texas.
86      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



 167. Haizlip, Shirlee Taylor. The Sweeter the Juice: A Family
         Memoir in Black and White.       New York: Simon &
         Schuster, 1994. ISBN: 0671792350. 271 pages; illustra¬
         tions; photographs; bibliography.
         Of African, white, and Native American heritage,
         Haizlip sets out to discover that part of her mother's
         family which had "passed" for white, and traces her
         family history back to 1680 on her mother's side and to
         1820 on her father's. This book relates both her fami¬
         ly's history and her search for her lost relatives. While
         still young children, Haizlip's mother and her moth¬
         er's youngest brother were abandoned by their father
         shortly after the death of their mother, presumably be¬
         cause of their more African features and darker skin
         color, and they were raised by their black relatives.
         The rest of the family, a brother and a sister, were
         taken with the father to live as whites in white society.
         The "white" children, in fact, grew up knowing little
         or nothing of their black heritage until Haizlip suc¬
         ceeded in reuniting the family. Haizlip's search for
         her family causes her to reconsider the meaning and
         significance of race and skin color. She points out in
         her introduction that some "geneticists have said that
         95 percent of 'white' Americans have widely varying
         degrees of black heritage. ... 75 percent of all African-
         Americans have at least one white ancestor and 15
         percent have predominantly white blood lines" (p. 15).

 168. Hale, Janet Campbell.     Bloodlines: Odyssey of a Native
         Daughter. New York: Random House, 1993. ISBN:
         0679415270. 187 pages.
         Note: Also published New York: Harper Perennial,
         1994. ISBN: 0060976128.
         In this collection of essays. Hale contemplates the art of
         autobiography as she writes about her past. In remem¬
         bering her childhood and youth, she studies her dys¬
         functional family, the psychological abuse she received
         from her mother and sisters, and her family's mixed-
         blood heritage. Hale relies on a combination of mem¬
         ory, conjecture, and historical research to write her
         story.
                   The Bibliography                         87



169. Hampton, Lionel. Hamp: An Autobiography. Written
       with James Haskins. New York: Warner Books, 1989.
       ISBN: 0446710059. 286 pages; photographs; discogra-
       phy.
       Jazz great Lionel Hampton tells the story of his life
       from childhood through the present. The extended
       family in which he was raised, included a grand¬
       mother who was a faith healer and an uncle who con¬
       sorted with A1 Capone. His first serious percussion
       teacher was "hard-hitting" virtuoso drummer Sister
       Petra at Holy Rosary School in Collins, Wisconsin.
       Hampton went on to be a top drummer with the
       Chicago Defender Youth Band. While still in his early
       teens, he headed for Southern California to start his
       professional career. Hampton pioneered the use of vi¬
       braphones as a jazz instrument, and continues to ex¬
       periment with new jazz forms.

170. Hanna, Mark (1882-1964). Man of the Canyon: An Old In¬
       dian Remembers His Life.       As told to Richard G.
       Emerick. Orono, Maine: Northern Lights, 1992. ISBN:
       1880811065:1880811073. 170 pages; photographs; maps.
       Note: Originally recorded in 1953.
       Hanna relates memories of the significant events in
       his life from babyhood to old age, describing childhood
       activities and his mother's strict and often violent
       method of raising him. He tells of witnessing the
       Ghost Dance, which was started by the Paiute shaman
       Wavoka in the 1890s and, many years later, his obser¬
       vation of and participation in the Hopi Snake and But¬
       terfly dances. Other significant experiences include
       three brief marriages, encounters with white racist so¬
       ciety, including the deaths of two friends at the hands
       of brutal policemen, and work in and around a
       Japanese internment camp. Hanna explains the im¬
       portance of horses to the Havasupai, the generally
       peaceful nature of the Havasupai, and their relations
       with neighboring tribes who were often belligerent to
       them. In his later years, he was given the gift of heal¬
       ing with song. Hanna describes a healing and the ail¬
       ments which he is and is not capable of treating.
88      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994


 171. Harewood, John W. (John Wilfred) (1909-). The Hare-
        wood Heritage: An Autobiography. The Black Con¬
        temporary Lives Series. Dayton, Ohio (402 Salem Ave.,
        Dayton 45406): Fells Johnson Techni-write, Inc., 1989.
        144 pages.

 172. Harjo, Joy (1951-). "Ordinary Spirit." I Tell You Now: Au¬
         tobiographical Essays by Native American Writers. Ed.
         Brian Swann and Arnold Krupat. Lincoln: University
         of Nebraska Press, 1987. ISBN: 0803227140.
         See entry under Swann, Brian for a complete list of au¬
         thors included in this anthology.

 173. Hawkins, Dwight (1938-). Survival in the Square. Writ¬
        ten with Morrie Greenberg. Northridge, California:
        Brooke-Richards Press, 1989. ISBN: 0962265209. 152
        pages; photographs.
        When he was 11, Dwight Hawkins was in a car acci¬
        dent which shattered his left leg below the knee. Al¬
        though told that he would not be able to participate in
        sports, Hawkins began a professional boxing career
        when he was just 15. At 18, he was the California
        Bantam weight Champion. Hawkins writes about
        pacing oneself as an athlete and the need to plan for
        the future. He retired from boxing at the age of 29, and
        has devoted himself to youth work since that time.

174. Hawkins, O. Chili: Memoirs of a Black Casanova. Los
       Angeles: Holloway House, 1985. ISBN: 0870672584.
       216 pages.

175. Hayslip, Le Ly (1949-). Child of War, Woman of Peace.
       Written with James Hayslip. New York: Doubleday
       1993. ISBN: 0385421117. 374 pages.
       Note: Also published New York: Anchor Books 1994
       ISBN: 0385471475.
        Hayslip left Vietnam with her two sons in 1970, while
        the Vietnam War was still in progress. Together they
        flew to San Diego to join her American husband,
        whom she had met in Vietnam, and thus began her
        odyssey in the United States. Her story is one of cul-
                        The Bibliography                       89


          tural conflict. Hayslip recalls that San Diego might as
          well have been the moon, because it was so completely
          foreign to her: from the behavior of her in-laws, to the
          food she had to cook, to the language. She spent the
          next thirteen years trying to adapt through two failed
          marriages and two abortive engagements. But Hayslip
          did become a successful businesswoman, and raised
          three sons and five Vietnamese foster children. After
          a return visit to Vietnam, Hayslip decided to do some¬
          thing for her people and began the process that would
          allow her to build a medical clinic in her home village.

176. —.    When Heaven and Earth Changed Places: A Viet¬
          namese Woman's journey From War to Peace. Writ¬
          ten with Charles Jay Wurts. New York: Doubleday,
          1989. ISBN: 0385247583. 368 pages.
          Note: Also published New York: Plume, 1990. ISBN:
          0452271681.
          After nearly two decades in the United States, Hayslip
          recalls her childhood in the village of Ky La, which lay
          midway between North and South Vietnam. Born in
          1949, her youth was spent in a war-torn country: first
          the war of independence against France, which led to
          the division of Vietnam in 1954, and then the civil
          war. She describes her reasons for supporting the Viet
          Cong, the reality of the war for the Vietnamese versus
          the view of the war by the West. Hayslip recalls the
          terrifying years of the war, her departure for the
          United States in 1970, and her brief return to Vietnam
          and her reunion with her family in 1986. She writes
          that in this book she will try to explain to the Ameri¬
          can soldier "who your enemy was and why almost ev¬
          eryone in the country you tried to help resented,
          feared, and misunderstood you" (p. xiv).

177. Heard, Regie.    Regie’s Love: A Daughter of Former Slaves
          Recalls and Reflects. Written with Bonnie Langen-
          hahn. Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin: McCormick and
          Schilling, 1987. ISBN: 0961821213. 166 pages; photo¬
          graphs.
          Note: An expanded and illustrated edition was issued
          by McCormick and Shilling in 1989.
90      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



        Heard grew up in Washington, Arkansas. Her mother
        and father were both born into slavery. Her father,
        who was literate and had obtained a knowledge of le¬
        gal matters, was a deputy sheriff and assisted poor peo¬
        ple with legal problems. Heard's parents insisted on
        her attending school and on her training to be a
        teacher. She did follow this career but after her mar¬
        riage and move to Milwaukee found that there were
        few opportunities for African American teachers there.
        She and her husband began working together as live-
        in domestic help. They worked for several generous
        employers and were able to save enough money to
        open a quality restaurant, none being available to
        African Americans in Milwaukee at that time.

178. Henry, Thomas W. (1794-1877).     From Slavery to Salva¬
        tion: The Autobiography of Rev. Thomas W. Henry of
        the A.M.E. Church. Introduction and an historical es-
        say by Jean Libby. Jackson: University Press of Missis¬
        sippi, 1994. ISBN: 0878056904. 139 pages; photographs.
        Note: Originally published as Autobiography of Rev.
        Thomas W. Henry of the A.M.E. Church. [Baltimore-
        n.p., 1872],

       Henry's autobiography tells the story of a free African
       American living in the slave state of Maryland. It re¬
       flects the increasingly restrictive laws aimed at limit¬
       ing the activities of individuals like him, and it also
       tells the story of the African Methodist Episcopal
       (A.M.E.) Church in its earliest days. Henry elucidates
       its role in the abolitionist movement: the church func¬
       tioned as a venue for free religious expression and as
       an important social organization for African Ameri¬
       cans of the South and North. Henry describes his
       many hardships as an African American individual
       and as a leader of a developing African American
       church.


179. Henzie, Moses (1901-).   Moses Henzie: A Biography of
       Allakaket. Interviews conducted and text prepared by
       Curt Madison and Yvonne Yarber.        Alaska Series.
       North Vancouver, British Columbia: Hancock House
       1980. ISBN: 0919654819. 63 pages; photographs; map.
                    The Bibliography                         91



       Moses Henzie, born about 1930, leads a traditional life
       based on hunting, trapping, and fishing. He is a mas¬
       ter at many native crafts, including sled- and boat¬
       building and making snowshoes, caribou rope, and
       fish baskets. Henzie and his wife continue to follow
       the beliefs and practice the rituals taught them by their
       elders. His was the first autobiography prepared by the
       Yukon-Koyukuk School District, which has sponsored
       the publication of autobiographies of residents in the
       11 villages which it serves. The intent was to make
       available readings in dialect for school age children,
       providing them reading materials in familiar speech,
       perhaps offering a better reading experience, and also
       giving them the opportunity to learn about their tradi¬
       tional culture. The following names are those of other
       subjects in the series which are included in this bibli¬
       ography:     Roger Dayton, Henry Ekada, Madeline
       Solomon, Edwin Simon, Goodwin Semaken, Altona
       Brown, Joe Beetus, Henry Beatus, Sr., John Honea,
       Martha Joe, Edgar Kallands, Billy McCarty, Simeon
       Mountain, Oscar Nictune, Josephine Roberts, Peter
       John, Frank Tobuk, and Andrew Isaac.

180. Herbert, Belle. Shandaa In My Lifetime. Recorded and
        edited by Bill Pfisterer with the assistance of Alice
       Moses, and edited by Mary Jane McGary. Transcribed
        and translated by Katherine Peter. Fairbanks: Alaska
       Native Language Center, University of Alaska, 1988.
        ISBN: 0912006307. 207 pages; photographs.
       Note: Written in Gwich'in Athapascan and English.
        This oral history is distinctive in that it attempts to
        replicate in writing the manner in which the stories
        were delivered. The recorder/transcribers did very lit¬
        tle to the text and presented them in the order in
        which Herbert told the stories. They provided line
        breaks and spaces in the text to indicate short and long
        pauses. When this oral history was prepared in 1980,
        Belle Herbert was somewhere between 105 and 127
        years old. Because of the events she was able to re¬
        member, the editors believed her to have been close to
        120 years old, meaning that she was born shortly after
        the first white men arrived. In this work, Herbert de-
92      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



        scribes events from her childhood and married life.
        Hunting methods, games, food preparation, shelter
        and clothing, the transition to Christianity, and the di¬
        vision of labor are among the many aspects of life de¬
        scribed by Herbert in this unique work.

 181. Herrera, Jess Robert (1924-). Memories of My Life. San
        Francisco: J. R. Herrera, 1992. ISBN: 1881156001. 224
        pages.

 182. Higa, Thomas Taro.   Memoirs of a Certain Nisei/Aru
        Nisei No Wadachi: 1916-1985. Ed. Elsie Higa. Trans¬
        lated by Mitsugu Sakahara. Kaneohe, Hawaii: Higa
        Publications, 1988. ISBN: 0944985009. 164 pages; pho¬
        tographs.

         Higa was born in Hawaii in 1916. His parents sent him
         and his siblings to be raised and educated by his grand¬
         parents in Okinawa, which was a common practice,
         Higa writes, because life in Hawaii was too hard for the
         Japanese immigrants "to entertain the notion of
         spending time to rear their children" (p. 3). Higa de¬
         scribes his youth in Okinawa and Osaka, and then his
         return to Hawaii, where he was drafted into the
         United States Army before the bombing of Pearl Har¬
        bor. After the bombing, the Japanese American battal¬
        ions in Hawaii were disarmed and sent to training
        camps on the mainland. Higa was eventually sent to
        the front in Italy, wounded, and returned to the
        United States. After his recovery, he was sent by the
        War Relocation Authority and the Japanese American
        Citizens League on what became a seven-month
        speaking tour to at least 75 cities in 40 states, and to all
        the relocation camps except for Tule Lake. During his
        lectures, he reassured Japanese American families
        about the conditions of the Nisei soldiers and dispelled
        rumors that had been spreading about abuses at the
        front. After his speaking tour, Higa was sent to Oki¬
        nawa, where he started the Okinawa War Victim Re¬
        lief Campaign. When World War II ended, Higa took
        part in the movement to gain naturalization rights for
        Japanese Americans. He also produced a film and
                    The Bibliography                         93



        wrote a book about Japanese American immigrants in
        Hawaii.

183. Higashide, Seiichi.  Adios to Tears: The Memoirs of a
        japanese-Peruvian Internee in U.S. Concentration
        Camps. Honolulu: E & E Kudo, 1993. ISBN: none. 256
        pages; photographs; maps; bibliography.
       Higashide immigrated to Peru from Japan after a
       childhood of poverty. Living in a Japanese commu¬
       nity, Higashide married a Nisei, eventually set up a
       successful business, and became active in Japanese-
       Peruvian civic affairs. Thus, he was on the first black¬
       list issued by the Peruvian government after the
       bombing of Pearl Harbor. He spent a period of time in
       hiding but was eventually arrested and deported to the
       United States as were over 2,000 other Central and
       South American ethnic Japanese. Higashide gives an
       account of life in the Crystal City Internment Camp in
       Texas. After the war, Higashide and the other Japanese
       deported to the United States were classified as illegal
       aliens and thus became subject to a second deportation
       to Japan. After a legal battle, Higashide and his family
       were able to stay in the United States (they were not al¬
       lowed back into Peru), where they had to struggle with
       a new language as well as housing and employment
       discrimination. Higashide first published this book in
       Japanese, and has had it translated into both English
       and Spanish.

184. Highwalking, Belle (1892-1971).     Belle Highivalking: The
       Narrative   of a    Northern    Cheyenne Woman. Ed.
       Katherine M. Weist.      Billings, Montana: Montana
       Council for Indian Education, 1991. ISBN: none. 66
       pages; photographs; bibliography; maps.
       Note: Recorded 1970-1971. First published in 1979 by
       Montana Council for Indian Education.
       Highwalking recorded her life story in the Cheyenne
       language. It was then translated with the help of her
       daughter-in-law. Because Highwalking died shortly af¬
       ter completing her recording, Weist, the editor and in¬
       stigator of the project, chose to leave the text much as
94      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         she received it, without significant editing or rearrang¬
         ing. Highwalking describes the events of her life, her
         relatives and acquaintances, the old ways and the
         changes that have taken place over the course of her
         life, and some of the problems of modern society. She
         also retells several stories.

 185. Hill, Mary Nell. From Darkness to Glorious Light. N.p.:
         S.C.A. International, 1984. ISBN: none. 163 pages.
         Note: This is a collection of poems with a short auto¬
         biography of the author.

 186. Hilliard, David.  This Side of Glory: The Autobiography of
         David Hilliard and the Story of the Black Panther
         Party. Written with Lewis Cole. Boston: Little, Brown,
         1993. ISBN: 0316364215. 450 pages; photographs.
         Hilliard relates his story and that of the Black Panther
         Party. He was born in Alabama, the youngest of a large
        family, and moved to Oakland, California, at the age of
         11. He became close friends with Huey Newton and
        his family during his first months in Oakland. It was
        after the Watts Riots (1965) that Hilliard learned of
        Newton's formation of the Black Panther Party and
        the Ten Point Program.        Hilliard writes of his in¬
        volvement with the party, observing its rise and fall.
        In the final portion of his book, Hilliard describes his
        imprisonment, his eventual release during the eclipse
        of the party, and his subsequent lapse into alcoholism
        and drug addiction. A year and a half after Hilliard's
        recovery, Huey Newton was killed. Hilliard concludes
        his book with an assessment of Newton's accom¬
        plishments and a coming to terms with Newton's
        long-term dependence on alcohol and drugs. He is fi¬
        nally able to place in perspective for himself and for
        posterity the significance of his own role as Chief of
        Staff of the Black Panther Party, and the many sacri¬
        fices which he and many other Black men and women
        made in pursuing and realizing the party's goals.

187. Hinton, Eddie (1947-).      Locker Room to Boardroom:
        Superbowl Player Eddie Hinton's Strategies for
        Tackling Life s Choices, Challenges, and Changes. As
                     The Bibliography                         95



       told to Lynne Washburn. Sugar Land, Texas: Candle
       Publishing Co., 1988. ISBN: 0942523342:0942523334.
       183 pages; photographs.
        An avid athlete who participated in organized basket¬
        ball, track and field, baseball, and football from the
        time he was in fifth grade, Hinton became a star colle¬
        giate football player at the University of Oklahoma and
        was a first-choice draft of the Baltimore Colts. Hinton
        describes the difficulty of succeeding in professional
        sports, and of his own struggle to survive five years
        without significant injury so that he could receive a
        pension. His career and marriage ended at the same
      . time, leaving Hinton in a deep depression and in¬
        volved in self-destructive activities. Hinton eventu¬
        ally recovered and set out to start his own business, be¬
        coming quite successful. Realizing how many other
        professional athletes had had experiences similar to
        his own, Hinton set up a nonprofit organization called
        Exec-U-Team, which assists athletes in making the
        transition from sports to a business career.

                                        Free Man of Color:
188. Hodges, Willis Augustus (1815-1890).
        The Autobiography of Willis Augustus Hodges. Ed.
        Willard B. Gatewood. Knoxville: University of Ten¬
        nessee Press, 1982. ISBN: 0870493531. 97 pages; engrav¬
        ings; maps; bibliography.
       Hodges was born free to free, property-owning parents
       in Virginia. His grandmothers were also free, whereas
       both of his grandfathers were born into slavery.
       Hodges was a dedicated abolitionist, risking his life to
       teach and preach to the slaves who lived near his
       parental home.     He also promoted the abolitionist
       cause during his frequent residencies in New York.
       Hodges' autobiography was written as an abolitionist
       tract although it was not published until after his
       death. He describes the many hardships endured by
       and cruelties visited upon slaves as well as the free
       people of color living in the South. Hodges ran into
       resistance and outright hostility from both southern
       whites and southern free African Americans who had
       suffered retribution after the Nat Turner rebellion.
96      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



 189. Hogan, Linda (1948-).                  I Tell You Now:
                              "The Two Lives."
         Autobiographical Essays by Native American Writers.
         Ed. Brian Swann and Arnold Krupat. Lincoln: Uni¬
         versity of Nebraska Press, 1987. ISBN: 0803227140.
         See entry under Swann, Brian for a complete list of au¬
         thors included in this anthology.

 190. Honea, John. John Honea, Ruby. Interviews conducted
        and text prepared by Curt Madison and Yvonne Yarber.
        North Vancouver, British Columbia: Hancock House,
        1981. ISBN: 0888390734. 85 pages; photographs; maps.
        Note: Produced by Yukon-Koyukuk School District of
        Alaska.

        Honea describes life in Ruby, Alaska, a relatively large
        and bustling town in the interior of the state. He did
        not have relatives to teach him the techniques of
        hunting, trapping, fishing, and fish preparation, so
        Honea was largely self-taught. Once he married, his
        wife's parents helped him improve his fishing and
        trapping skills. Honea was raised by his oldest sister,
        who was a full-blooded Indian. Honea's parentage,
        however, was mixed, and this caused him some an¬
        guish while growing up: "It was hard for me to learn
        English. I think my mind was set more on the Native
        way than the White man way. I didn't know which
        was right" (p. 41). Lorraine Honea, Honea's wife, also
        contributes material to this autobiographical work.
        For a brief description and list of autobiographies in
        this Yukon-Koyukuk School District Series, see the en¬
        try for Moses Henzie.

191. Horn, Gabriel (1947-). Native Heart: An American Indian
       Odyssey. San Rafael, California: New World Library,
       1993. ISBN: 1880032074. 293 pages; bibliography.
        Gabriel Horn describes his spiritual visions and his
        work with the American Indian Movement (AIM).
        Because of their devotion to traditional Native prac¬
        tices, Horn and his Ojibwa wife have worked with
        children as teachers and parents to instill in them the
        history of Native peoples on this continent and to give
        them a sense of pride in their heritage. Horn is not
                     The Bibliography                         97



        registered with any tribal group and has had his ethnic
        identity challenged. His militant politics have put
        him at the center of many tribal controversies and at
        odds with the FBI.

192. Horton, John Benjamin (1904-).    Flights From Doom: The
        Autobiography of the Life, Observations, Experiences
        and Involvements in America of an African-Ameri¬
        can Journalist, Author and Publicist in the United
        States. Louisville, Kentucky: J. Benjamin Horton and
        Associates, 1990. ISBN: none. 126 pages.

193. Hosaka, Fred T. Shortchanged in America: A Story of
       Hardship. Coquille, Oregon (HC 83, Box 5770, Coquille
       97423): F. T. Hosaka, 1993. ISBN: none. 175 pages; pho¬
       tographs.
        This book is, to some degree, a family history. Hosaka
        gives an account of his father's immigration to the
        United States and marriage to Hosaka's mother. He
        also describes his childhood and agricultural life in
        Southern California as part of a Japanese American
        community during the first two decades of the twenti¬
        eth Century. Families were already experiencing cul¬
        tural confusion and widening gaps between immi¬
        grant parents and quickly-assimilating children when
        the bombing of Pearl Harbor added many changes
        which increased the confusion: arrests, curfews, the
        draft, business losses, and of course, evacuation and re¬
        location. Hosaka's father was arrested the February
        following the attack and was interned separately from
        the rest of the family. Hosaka was among those who
        answered "No-No" to the infamous loyalty questions,
        Numbers 27 and 28 on the questionnaire distributed to
        all Issei and Nisei in the camps by the War Relocation
        Authority (WRA). (If the Issei were to answer "no" to
        either of these questions, he or she would become a
        person with no country since at that time Asian im¬
        migrants were not allowed to become naturalized U.S.
        citizens; a no answer on the part of the Nisei meant a
        renunciation of U.S. citizenship and deportation at the
        end of the war. Many of the Nisei who did renounce
        their citizenship were exonerated later on after it was
98        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



          proved that they had done so under duress and in ex¬
          ceptional circumstances.) He explains the significance
          of taking this stand, why he chose to do so, and the
          impact it had on his family. Hosaka eventually re¬
          versed his stand so that his family could remain to¬
          gether (his father died shortly before he was to be
          reunited with the rest of the family) and because an¬
          swering "No" to the two loyalty questions meant de¬
          portation to Japan.

 194. Howell, Roy Carlton. Little Chocolate Soldier. Hunting-
        ton, West Virginia: University Editions, 1992. ISBN:
        1560021985. 289 pages.

          Howell spent his first years with his heroin-addicted
          parents.    After his mother's conviction on felony
          charges, he went to live with grandparents in Detroit,
          Michigan. He found the transition to a more struc¬
          tured, conservative household somewhat difficult, but
          learned to love his grandmother, heeding her advice
          and direction. Howell’s aunts and uncles, still chil¬
          dren, followed various paths, some taking to the
          streets as did his own mother, and some completing
          their education and pursuing careers. He writes of the
          atrocious conditions of his high school and the diffi¬
          culty of staying away from drugs and crime. Although
          the family lost two sons to heroine overdoses, Howell
          managed to resist drugs and attend college and law
          school. His life did not run smoothly despite these
          successes, and he describes the many setbacks which he
          and his family faced, including illnesses, unemploy¬
          ment and homelessness.

195. Hudson, Hosea.       Black Worker in the Deep South: A Per¬
          sonal Record.    2nd ed. New York: International Pub¬
          lishers, 1991. ISBN: 0717806839. 130 pages.
          First edition published in 1972 by International Pub¬
          lishers. ISBN: 0717803732:0717803627.

196. —.    The Narrative of Hosea Hudson: The Life and Times
          of a Black Radical. Ed. Nell Irvin Painter. New York:
          W. W. Norton, 1994. ISBN: 0393310159.      400 pages;
          photographs; bibliography.
                   The Bibliography                         99



       Originally published as The Narrative of Hosea Hud¬
       son: His Life as a Negro Communist. New York: Har¬
       vard University Press, 1993

197. Hum-ishu-ma/Mourning Dove (1888-1936). Mourning
       Dove: A Salishan Autobiography. Ed. Jay Miller.
       American Indian Lives. Lincoln: University of Ne¬
       braska Press, 1990. ISBN: 0803231199:0803282079. 265
       pages; photographs; bibliography.
       Note: Mourning Dove is the pen name of Christine
       Quintasket.
       Mourning Dove wrote out of a desire to provide sym¬
       pathetic representations of Native Americans to
       counter those currently in fashion. She received criti¬
       cism for her literary efforts from both white and native
       people, and her motivation to write her autobiography
       was, in part, to answer this criticism. This work is as
       much a story of her people as of herself. She describes
       Salishan traditions, the role of the woman in a mar¬
       riage, the care of children, and hunting and fishing
       practices. Mourning Dove also touches on the diffi¬
       culty her people were faced with giving up their mi¬
       gratory practices and attempting to shift to an agricul¬
       tural way of life.

198. Hungry Wolf, Adolf and Beverly. Shadows of the Buf¬
       falo: A Family Odyssey Among the Indians. New
       York: W. Morrow, 1983. ISBN: 0688016804. 288 pages;
       photographs.
       The authors explain, "We want to share the following
       experiences with you, hoping to show that ours is but
       one of a multitude of ancestral paths that can still be
       traveled and learned from, even though we belong to
       a contemporary society" (p. 7). Beverly is a member of
       the Blood Indian tribe of Canada, and Adolf, a white
       man, immigrated to the United States from Germany.
       Influenced by childhood dreams and the back-to-
       nature movements of the 60s, Adolf dedicated his life
       to living off the land and learning traditional Indian
       ways. It was through the connections he had made
       with Blackfoot elders that he met Beverly. Together
100      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



        they have devoted themselves to learning and relearn¬
        ing the traditional Blackfoot way of life. Many Native
        Americans have been suspicious of Adolph's motives,
        and in writing this book he hopes to put some of these
        doubts to rest.

 199. Hungry Wolf, Beverly. The Ways of My Grandmothers.
        New York: W. Morrow, 1980. ISBN: 0688036651. 256
        pages; photographs.
        This book consists primarily of the stories of the lives
        of the old women of the Blood tribe, a division of the
        Blackfoot Nation. The women are either related to
        Hungry Wolf or are close friends. Hungry Wolf pro¬
        vides some details of her own efforts to learn about,
        to live, and to raise her children in the traditional
        Blood manner. Many of the stories that she has col¬
        lected from the women are related in the first person.

 200. Hunt, Annie Mae (1909-).  I am Annie Mae: An Extraor¬
        dinary Woman in Her Own Words: The Personal
        Story of a Black Texas Woman. Written with Frieda
        Werden. Ed. Ruthe Winegarten. Austin, Texas: Rose-
        garden Press, 1983. ISBN: 0961034009. 151 pages; pho¬
        tographs; bibliography.
        Note: 2nd edition published in 1984.           ISBN:
        0961034017; 3rd edition published in 1989.
        Annie Mae Hunt grew up in Washington County,
        Texas. Well into her adult years, both she and her
        family persevered against intense racism and racially
        motivated violence, which included intimidation,
        murder, and rape. Hunt became a political activist,
        and the events of her life, her political work, and the
        stories of her grandmother who was born into slavery,
        are described in this book. It was produced as a musi¬
        cal in 1987.

201. Hunt, Marsha (1946-). Real Life. London: Chatto and
       Windus, 1986. ISBN: 0701130261. 258 pages; pho¬
       tographs.

        Hunt grew up in North Philadelphia in what she de¬
        scribes as "the reservation," her term for predomi-
                    The Bibliography                         101



        nantly black neighborhoods. She gives an account of
        her streetwise but secure childhood there, a security
        that was interrupted by her mother's decision to move
        to California. She attended the University of Califor¬
        nia, Berkeley during the mid-sixties, but dropped out
        to travel to England, where she became part of the mu¬
        sic scene. She describes her own developing music,
        acting, and modeling career and her relationships with
        many well-known rock musicians, especially Mick
        Jagger.

202. Hunter, Latoya.    The Diary of Latoya Hunter: My First
        Year in Junior High. New York: Crown, 1992. ISBN:
        0517585111. 131 pages.
        Note: Also published New York: Vintage Books, 1993.
        ISBN: 0679746064.
        Born in Jamaica, Hunter moved to New York City in
        1986 when she was eight years old and wrote the jour¬
        nal that comprises this work between the ages of 12
        and 13. Having read an article about Hunter's grade
        school graduating class in which Latoya was singled
        out for her exceptional writing abilities, the editor of
        this book sought her out and eventually contracted
        with her to keep a diary for ten months—which would
        then be published. Hunter writes about adjusting to a
        new school, conflicts with her mother, love, and
        friendship.

203. Hunter-Gault, Charlayne. In My Place. New York: Farrar,
       Straus, Giroux, 1993. ISBN: 0374175632. 257 pages;
       photographs.
       Note: Also published New York: Vintage Books, 1993.
       ISBN: 0679748180.
       Charlayne Hunter-Gault came of age with the Civil
       Rights Movement. Approached by members of the
       Atlanta Committee for Cooperative Action (ACCA)
       during her senior year of high school in 1959, Hunter-
       Gault was convinced, along with her classmate Hamil¬
       ton Holmes, to test the state's segregation laws by seek¬
       ing to enter the University of Georgia. Two years later,
       both Holmes and Hunter-Gault matriculated at the
102      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



        University.    Hunter-Gault describes in detail the
        events which accompanied this revolutionary event.
        She acknowledges the value of the support she re¬
        ceived from friends and family, who provided her
        "with the suit of armor and determination that I
        needed as I began my journey to the horizons" (p. 3).
        Hunter-Gault describes herself as fairly ordinary,
        smart, and ambitious, but interested in enjoying life.
        Her assessment of the Atlanta Student Movement ex¬
        plains how an ordinary person might achieve some¬
        thing so extraordinary:
           [W]e could see in a new light both our past and our future.
           We could see that past—the slavery, the segregation, the
           deprivation and denial—for what it was: a system de¬
           signed to keep us in our place and convince us, somehow,
           that it was our fault, as well as our destiny. Now, without
           either ambivalence or shame, we saw ourselves as the heirs
           to a legacy of struggle, but struggle that was, as Martin
           Luther King taught, ennobling; struggle that was enabling
           us to take control of our destiny. . . . [W]e did not see our¬
           selves or the other young people demonstrating ... as
           heroes to be praised, celebrated, or fretted over. We were
           simply doing what we were born to do. (p. 144)


 204. Huntington, Sidney (1915-).  Shadows on the Koyukuk:
        An Alaskan Native's Life Along the River. As told to
        Jim Reardon. Anchorage: Alaska Northwest Books,
        1993. ISBN: 088240427X. 235 pages; map; bibliography.
        Huntington, born to an Athapascan mother and an
        English-Scots father and raised under the influence of
        both cultures, provides some history of white influ¬
        ence on the Athapascan culture and way of life: what
        has changed and what has remained the same. His
        mother died suddenly when he was five, but his ma¬
        ternal relatives continued to be involved with his up¬
        bringing. Huntington learned to trap, hunt, and fish
        from his father, who combined Athapascan and Euro¬
        pean practices. Along with accounts of his own adven¬
        tures in Alaska's interior, Huntington also includes
        events from the lives of his Athapascan relatives and
        traditional stories passed on to him by Athapascan el¬
        ders.
                      The Bibliography                       103



205. Huntley, Jobe.    I Remember Langston Hughes: An Auto¬
        biography.  New York: J. Huntley, 1983.     ISBN: none.
        105 pages; facsimiles; music.

206. Hurmence, Belinda, ed.  Before Freedom, When I Can
        Just Remember: Twenty-Seven Oral Histories of
        Former South Carolina Slaves.   Winston-Salem: J.
        F. Blair, 1989.   ISBN: 089587069X.   135 pages; photo¬
        graphs.
        Hurmence selected these twenty-seven oral histories
        from the 284 taken in South Carolina by the Library of
        Congress through the Federal Writers' Project of the
        1930s.

207. —, ed.  My Folks Don't Want Me to Talk About Slavery:
        Twenty-One Oral Histories of Former North Carolina
        Slaves. Winston-Salem, North Carolina: J. F. Blair,
        1984. ISBN: 089587038x:0895870398. 103 pages; bibliog¬
        raphy.
        Hurmence selected these twenty-one oral histories
        from the 176 taken in North Carolina by the Library of
        Congress through the Federal Writers' Project of the
        1930s. She writes in her introduction about the diffi¬
        culty of limiting the number of selections: "Nearly
        every individual expressed some special viewpoint
        that I felt reluctant to omit" (p. xiii). Hurmence de¬
        cided to make her selection based on age, choosing the
        narratives of those who were at least ten years old at
        the time of the emancipation.

208. Huynh, Jade Ngoc Quang (1957-). South Wind Changing.
       St. Paul, Minnesota: Graywolf Press, 1994.  ISBN:
       1555971989. 305 pages.
        Huynh was born in 1957 and grew up in the village of
        An Tan on the Mekong River in South Vietnam. He
        was 12 years old when the Tet Offensive brought the
        war to his village. In this book, Huynh writes about
        his family's effort to survive the war and its bloody af¬
        termath. He describes his experiences with the Viet
        Cong's postwar purges and their indoctrination pro¬
        grams; his year-long imprisonment in a labor camp
104     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



        and subsequent escape; his many attempts to flee the
        country; his arrival in a Thai refugee camp; and his
        eventual settlement in Vermont.      Huynh and his
        brother, who escaped with him, were able to bring
        over his ten surviving siblings to the United States.
        Huynh concludes his story with an expression of pro¬
        found sadness at his continued separation from his
        parents and two older brothers who remained in Viet¬
        nam, and at the memory of his family as it was before
        the war.

 209. Hyun, Peter. Man Sei!: The Making of a Korean Ameri¬
        can. Honolulu: University of Hawaii Press, 1986.
        ISBN: 0824810414. 186 pages; photographs.
        Man Sei!, which essentially means "Long live Korea!,"
        became a forbidden expression during the Japanese oc¬
        cupation. This narrative is about the Hyun family's
        involvement in the Korean Independence Movement.
        Hyun's father was involved in the planning and carry¬
        ing out of the March 1st, 1919, demonstration against
        Japan (see the book by Margaret Pai for another
        account of this event), and then became a member of
        the Korean Provisional Government in Exile in
        Shanghai.    Hyun, raised in Japan-occupied Seoul,
        escaped to Shanghai in 1920 with his mother and
        seven brothers and sisters. He writes of his childhood
        in Seoul, his years as a "Young Revolutionary" for
        Korean independence in Shanghai, and then finally of
        leaving China for Hawaii with members of his family.
        Hyun continues his story in his 1995 publication In
        the New World: The Making of a Korean Ameri¬
        can. Honolulu: University of Hawaii Press. ISBN-
        0824810414.


210. Imahara, James M. James Imahara, Son of Immigrants.
       As told to Anne Butler Poindexter.   Baton Rouge:
       Imahara Nursery, 1982. ISBN: none. 81 pages; photo¬
       graphs.

        Imahara writes about the racial discrimination suf¬
        fered by Japanese Americans from the time they began
        arriving in the United States in the 1890s until after
                     The Bibliography                        105



         World War II. Born in 1903, Imahara was among the
         oldest of the Nisei and, fluent in both Japanese and
         English, was able to help immigrants as they arrived,
         assisting many Issei at the time of the evacuation and
         relocation during World War II.       For his services,
         Imahara later received the designation of National
         Treasure from the Japanese Government. Imahara de¬
         scribes building up his farm during the pre-war years
         and then losing everything at the time of the evacua¬
         tion. He refused to return to California at the war's
         end and moved his family to Louisiana. Imahara doc¬
         uments the difficulty his family faced trying to start
         over again with the $25.00 given them by the U.S.
         Government upon their dismissal from the intern¬
         ment camps.

211. Isaac, Andrew (1898-). Andrew Isacc. Interviews con¬
         ducted and texts prepared by Yvonne Yarber and Curt
        Madison. Fairbanks: Central Alaska Curriculum Con¬
        sortium, 1988. ISBN: 0961952008. 64 pages; photo¬
        graphs.
        Note: Based on interviews with Chief Andrew Isaac in
        November, 1983, and June, 1985.
        Andrew Isaac is a "traditional" chief of the Athapascan
        people. He is descended from the "four great chiefs"
        from whom he learned the old ways. He describes
        caribou hunting, the use and care of dogs, learning to
        make snow shoes at the age of ten, and the communal
        way of life in which his people lived in earlier days.
        Isaac hopes to leave a message for the young people
        through this book: to encourage them to learn about
        the old ways and to treasure their land—to hold on to
        it.

212. Iwata, Buddy T. (1918-). Portrait of One Nisei: His Family
        and Friends. Modesto, California: Ink Spot, 1986.
        ISBN: none. 248 pages; photographs.
        Iwata opens this work with a list of events in his life
        which include attending Stanford University, intern¬
        ment at the Amache Relocation Camp in Colorado,
        teaching the Japanese language for the war office dur-
106      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         ing World War II, and getting settled into business af¬
         ter the war. He had three goals: contributing to the
         educational system; becoming assimilated into the
         mainstream of life in the United States; and enhancing
         world peace in general and peace between the United
         States and Japan in particular. He provides some par¬
         ticulars as to how he achieved these goals. The rest of
         his book is a collection of his speeches and documents
         relating to the war years and his career.

 213. Jackson, Bo (1962-). Bo Knows Bo: The Autobiography of
         a Ballplayer. Written with Dick Schaap. New York:
         Doubleday, 1990. ISBN: 0385416202. 218 pages; photo¬
         graphs.
        One of ten children raised by his mother in a three-
        room house in rural Alabama, Bo Jackson was a
        fighter and self-described "hoodlum" who managed to
        reform himself before entering high school, where he
        dedicated himself to sports and to getting into college.
        While attending Auburn University, Jackson partici¬
        pated in three sports: football, track and field, and base¬
        ball. He describes the ups and downs of being a high-
        profile collegiate athlete; the pressures of responding
        to or ignoring public opinion and the press; his deci¬
        sion to begin his professional career in baseball; and
        then his determination to add football to his profes¬
        sional agenda. Jackson also tells about his devotion to
        his wife and three children, and his activities with
        children who are sick, abused, or neglected.

 214. Jackson, Clyde Owen. In This Evening Light. Hicksville,
         New York: Exposition Press, 1980. ISBN: 0682494798.
         113 pages.
        Jackson describes the conditions in which he grew up:
        poverty, segregation, discrimination, and limited em¬
        ployment opportunities. These were the conditions of
        the South in particular, and the United States gener¬
        ally, during his childhood in the Depression years. He
        asks the reader how one makes something of him- or
        herself when confronted with such desperate and of¬
        ten humiliating formative years, and mentions the
                   The Bibliography                         107



       names of several well-known African Americans who
       broke color barriers to become famous in a variety of
       fields. The bulk of this book is devoted to the presen¬
       tation of articles and speeches written by Jackson
       which, he writes, help to answer this question.

215. Jackson, George.    Soledad Brother: The Prison Letters of
       George Jackson.   Chicago: Lawrence Hill Books, 1994.
       ISBN: 1556522304. 339 pages.
       Note: Originally published New York: Coward-Mc-
       Cann, 1970. This new edition includes a forward by
       George Jackson's nephew, Jonathan Jackson, Jr., the
       original introduction by Jean Genet, and a brief autobi¬
       ographical essay.
       This collection of letters and a brief autobiography
       were published less than a year before Jackson was
       killed, allegedly trying to escape from prison. He was
       in the tenth year of a "one year to life" prison sen¬
       tence—seven years of which were spent in solitary
       confinement. In the autobiography and letters, Jack-
       son reveals his efforts to survive in a hostile and deso¬
       late prison environment and leaves a clear testament
       to his revolutionary vision, as well as making a case
       for his status as a political prisoner. The letters are
       written to his parents, his defense team, and to a few
       friends, including Angela Davis.

216. James, Kay Coles.  Never Forget: The Riveting Story of
       One Woman's Journey From Public Housing to the
       Corridors of Power. Written with Jacquelline Cobb
       Fuller. Grand Rapids, Michigan: Zondervan, 1992.
       ISBN: 0310482003. 182 pages.
       James tells the story of how she progressed from the
       daughter of a struggling mother on public assistance to
       a successful business woman. She writes that she was
       able to leave the housing projects when so many of
       her friends did not because of the moral and spiritual
       support provided by her parents. James is a prominent
       spokeswoman for the anti-abortion movement, and
       she explains many of her political and philosophi-
108     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



        cal views on family, AIDS prevention, and teen sexu¬
        ality.

 217. Jamison, Judith.   Dancing Spirit: An Autobiography.
         Written with Howard Kaplan. New York: Doubleday,
         1993. ISBN: 0385425570. 272 pages; photographs.
         Note: Also published New York: Anchor Books, 1994.
         ISBN: 0385425589.

        Jamison gives an account of her dancing career, begin¬
        ning with her early studies at the age of 6 with Marion
        Cuyjet in Philadelphia. Following graduation from
        Fisk University, she danced professionally with the
        Philadelphia Dance Academy and the Alvin Ailey
        Dance Theater, and directed her own company known
        as the Jamison Project. She was one of Ailey's featured
        dancers, and he choreographed many works for her in¬
        cluding "Cry," which helped to solidify Jamison's rep¬
        utation. Jamison describes her friendship and her
        working relationship with Ailey and other members
        of the company and the dance world. Jamison had an
        international reputation, and was extraordinary in her
        profession because of her height of 510". After Ailey's
        death, Jamison inherited directorship of the Alvin
        Ailey Dance Theater.

218. Jerry, Daisy. My Life Story - A Sharecropper's Daughter.
         Ed. Connie Gross and Joyce Johnson Balkum.
         Rochester, New York: Eastern Printing and Publishing
         Co., 1984. ISBN: none. 74 pages; photographs.
         Note: Poetry by Joyce Johnson Balkum.
       Jerry grew up with an abusive, alcoholic father. After
       he murdered her mother, she and her nine brothers
       and sisters moved in with their grandparents, but be¬
       cause of their meager income, all of the children had
       to work very hard at home and at various occupations
       to help support the family. Jerry describes her difficult
       life, including three unsuccessful and abusive mar¬
       riages. She concludes her life story with an account of
       how she overcame this history of adversity by seeking
       out training and establishing her own daycare center.
                   The Bibliography                          109



219. Joe, Martha (1896-). Martha Joe, Nulato. Interviews con¬
         ducted and text prepared by Yvonne Yarber and Curt
         Madison. Yukon-Koyukuk Biography Series. Fair¬
         banks: Spirit Mountain Press, 1987. ISBN: 0910871140.
         56 pages; photographs.
         Note: Produced by Yukon-Koyukuk School District of
         Alaska.
        Martha Joe recalls stories told to her by her elders, in¬
        cluding that of the Nulato Massacre of 1851. One of
        the few people to escape this late night, surprise attack
        by the men of another village was Joe's grandmother.
        Growing up in a time of transition, Martha Joe was
        brought up with some of the older traditions: taking
        part in the coming of age ritual and a forced marriage
        shortly after reaching puberty. She also attended a
        mission school where she was exposed to the Christian
        religion. Joe laments her old age and her inability to
        find and prepare the food which she grew up eating,
        and also the failure of the generations following her to
        learn their native language.
        For a brief description and list of autobiographies in
        this Yukon-Koyukuk School District series, see the en¬
        try for Moses Henzie.

220. John, Peter. Peter John: Minto. Interviews conducted and
        text prepared by Yvonne Yarber and Curt Madison.
        Yukon-Koyukuk School District Biography Series.
        Fairbanks: Spirit Mountain Press, 1986.         ISBN:
        0910871124. 64 pages; photographs; maps.
        Note: Funded and produced by the Yukon-Koyukuk
        School District.
        Peter John was raised in the traditional manner, learn¬
        ing a subsistence existence of hunting, fishing, and
        trapping. He writes that he believes in the old ways
        and is disillusioned with the changes that have oc¬
        curred in the Athapascan way of life. He speaks with
        frustration about the white encroachment on Athapas¬
        can land, especially with regard to the damage caused
        by mining, and the trend of hunters flying in to the
        area and over-trapping for sport. John also discusses
        the importance of preserving the language and the
110     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



        Minto (Tanana Athapascan) dialect, and describes ef¬
        forts that are being made to ensure its survival.
        For a brief description and list of autobiographies in
        this Yukon-Koyukuk School District series, see the en¬
        try for Moses Henzie.

 221. Johnson, Gertrude.    Look Where He Brought Me From.
         Orrville, Ohio: Gertrude Johnson, 1989. ISBN: none.
         51 pages; photographs.

 222. Johnson, James Weldon (1871-1938). Along This Way:
        The Autobiography of James Weldon Johnson. New
        York: Penguin, 1990. ISBN: 0140184015. 418 pages.
        Originally published New York: Viking Press, 1933.
        418 pages; illustrated; includes index.

 223. Johnson, Lyman T. (1906-). The Rest of the Dream: The
         Black Odyssey of Lyman Johnson. As told to Wade
        Hall. Lexington: University Press of Kentucky, 1988.
        ISBN: 0813116740. 230 pages; photographs.
        Note: Oral autobiography based on interviews from
        1979-1987.
        Lyman Johnson grew up in Columbia, Tennessee, and
        eventually settled, working as a high school history
        teacher, in Louisville, Kentucky.      All four of his
        grandparents were born into slavery and both of his
        parents were well-educated, his mother graduating
        from high school and his father from college. Johnson
        specialized in Southern History throughout his own
        education, which included nearly three years of gradu¬
        ate school at the University of Michigan. His aim was
        to find out the truth, and then to debunk the noted
        Southern historians who had painted a romantic pic¬
        ture of the Old South, including a glorification of slav¬
        ery. In his own classroom he was always in the middle
        of a controversy because he refused to teach from the
        book. A strong believer in civil disobedience, Johnson
        taught the concept to his students and led them in
        many sit-ins and pickets, slowly opening up the lunch
        counters, stores, and hotels of Louisville. Johnson
        writes, "conditions are better now, but I'm not going to
                   The Bibliography                          111



        glorify and embellish a society that once used fear and
        violence to keep Negroes in their place" (34).

224. Johnson, MayLee.     Coming Up on the Rough Side: A
        Black Catholic Story. Written with Anne Barsanti.
        South Orange, New Jersey:        Pillar,   1988.   ISBN:
        0944734014. 88 pages.
        MayLee Johnson was an honor student until, as a fifth
        grader, she was placed in the class of an overtly racist
        teacher. This, coupled with her belief that she was ig¬
        nored at home, sent her into a downward spiral. She
        failed fifth grade, spent more and more time in the
        streets, and finally was arrested and sent to a girls re¬
        form school. Johnson relates how a priest with whom
        she had had some previous contact arranged for her to
        be released from the school and then helped her to be¬
        come involved with some of the church-sponsored
        community programs. His interest and her involve¬
        ment in these programs helped Johnson follow
        through with school and develop a more constructive
        lifestyle. Her lack of self esteem, however, was too
        strong, and Johnson struggled with one setback after
        another over the years. After one particularly low
        period, she began to make decisions that brought more
        order to her life. She describes the work, effort, and
        determination it took for her gradually to move
        forward, and the support of her church community
        that enabled her to live independently with her two
        children.

225. Jones, Bessie (1902-). For the Ancestors: Autobiographical
        Memories. Collected and edited by John Stewart.
        Urbana: University of Illinois Press, 1983.      ISBN:
        0252009592. 203 pages; photographs; bibliography.
        Note: Also published Athens: University of Georgia
        Press, 1989. ISBN: 0820311731.
        Jones, founder of and performer with the Georgia Sea
        Island Singers, was born in Georgia in 1902.        Her
        grandfather was born in Africa and sold into slavery in
        Virginia. She learned many songs and games from
        him, and in this book, she discusses their origins, how
112      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         they were used by the slaves, and the meanings behind
         the words. She also describes the formation of the
         Singers, its history, the various members, and the im¬
         portance of its role in keeping alive the traditional
         songs which they perform.

 226. Jordan, Michael (1963-). Rare Air: Michael on Michael.
         Ed. Mark Vancil. Photographs by Walter Iooss. San
         Francisco: Collins Publishers, San Francisco, 1993.
         ISBN: 0002553899:0006382568. 112 pages; photographs.
         In this photographic essay, Jordan describes his life at
         home with his wife Juanita and three children. He ex¬
         plains his competitive philosophy, his pre- and
         postgame procedures, and his thoughts and actions
         while on the court. Jordan also discusses the pressures
         of being a celebrity and role model.

 227. Kalifornsky,  Peter (1911-1992). A Dena'ina Legacy/
         K'TL'EGH'I SUKDU: The Collected Writings of Peter
         Kalifornsky. Written with James M. Kari and Alan
         Boraas. Fairbanks: Alaska Native Language Center,
         University of Alaska, Fairbanks, 1991.           ISBN:
         1555000436. 485 pages; photographs; bibliography.
         Note: Written in English and Tanaina.
        Chapter seven of this collection of writings by Kali¬
        fornsky covers various moments and events in his
        life. One of the last speakers and only writer of the
        Kenai dialect of the Athapascan language, Kalifornsky
        writes about being raised by his aunts after his moth¬
        er's death and how he learned to hunt and trap from
        his uncle. He describes various hunting and trapping
        experiences, his travels through California teaching
        and lecturing in the 1970s, and his efforts to reestablish
        the tradition of potlatches. In the rest of this collec¬
        tion, Kalifornsky gives the history of the Dena'ina
        (Tanaina), describes their beliefs and customs, dis¬
        cusses the language, and retells many stories and leg¬
        ends.

228. Kallands, Edgar. Edgar Kallands, Kaltag. Interviews con¬
        ducted and text prepared by Yvonne Yarber and Curt
                   The Bibliography                         113



        Madison. Yukon-Koyukuk School District Biography
        Series. Fairbanks: Spirit Mountain Press, 1982. ISBN:
        0910871000. 64 pages; photographs; maps.
        Note: Produced by Yukon-Koyukuk School District of
        Alaska.
        Edgar Kallands’s father was from Nova Scotia and his
        mother was Athapascan. His mother died when he
        was nine years old, and after this he spent most of his
        time with the white inhabitants of the area. His father
        taught him farming, growing mostly hay and vegeta¬
        bles. After his father's death, Kallands spent more
        time with Native people and relearned the Athapas¬
        can language. He worked on the steam boats, ran a
        small store, and trapped. As a mail carrier, Kallands
        participated in the "serum run"—dog sled teams re¬
        layed the serum to Nome to combat the diphtheria
        epidemic. This historic run was the inspiration for the
        Iditirod Dog Sled Race.
        For a brief description and list of autobiographies in
        this Yukon-Koyukuk School District series, see the en¬
        try for Moses Henzie.

229. Kegg, Maude (1904-).      Portage Lake: Memories of an
       Ojibwe Childhood. Transcribed and edited by John D.
       Nichols. Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press,
        1993. ISBN: 0816624151. 272 pages; bibliography.
       Note: Also published Edmonton, Alberta: University
       of Alberta Press, 1991. Kegg also wrote Gabekanaans-
       ing/At the End of the Trail: Memories of Chippewa
       Childhood in Minnesota with Texts in Ojibwe and
       English. Published Greeley, Colorado: Museum of An¬
       thropology, University of North Colorado, 1978. Occa¬
       sional Publications in Anthropology: Linguistics Series
       4; and Gii-ikwezensiwiyaan/When I was a Little Girl:
       Memories of Indian Childhood in Minnesota. Pub¬
       lished Onamia, Minnesota: Kegg, 1973.
        Nichols has recorded a set of Kegg's stories about her
        childhood and organized them by season.          Spring
        stories relate the activities surrounding the collection
        and preparation of maple syrup; summer stories de¬
        scribe the gathering of bulrushes and berries, and the
114      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         variety of wildlife to be found in the Portage and Mille
         Lacs Lakes area; fall stories center around the ricing;
         and winter stories describe snow, ice, hunting, and
         trapping. Kegg includes some traditional stories and
         descriptions of special celebrations, rituals, and games.

 230. Kelley, Jane Holden (1928-). Yaqui Women: Contempo¬
         rary Life Histories. Lincoln: University of Nebraska
         Press, 1991. ISBN: 0803277741. 265 pages; maps; bibli¬
         ography.
         Originally published Lincoln: University of Nebraska
         Press, 1978. ISBN: 0803209126.

 231. Kenny, Maurice (1929-). "Waiting at the Edge: Words
        Toward a Life." I Tell You Now: Autobiographical Es¬
        says by Native American Writers. Ed. Brian Swann
        and Arnold Krupat. Lincoln: University of Nebraska
        Press, 1987. ISBN: 0803227140.
         See entry under Swann, Brian for a complete list of au¬
         thors included in this anthology.

 232. Khanga, Yelena.   Soul to Soul: A Black Russian American
         Family, 1865-1992. Written with Susan Jacoby. New
         York: W. W. Norton, 1992.         ISBN:     0393034046:
         0393311554. 318 pages; photographs.
         Herself a third generation Russian citizen, Khanga's
         maternal grandparents met in an American jail cell af¬
         ter a Communist Party demonstration. Her grandfa¬
         ther was black, a descendent of slaves; her grand¬
         mother was a naturalized American of Jewish and Pol¬
         ish descent. They married and left the United States to
         live in Russia. Khanga's father was an African inde¬
         pendence leader from Zanzibar. He met Khanga's
         mother while studying in Moscow^and was assassi¬
         nated in his own country a year after Khanga's birth.
         In this book, Khanga explores her family history and
         seeks out her roots on three continents.

 233. Kikuchi, Charles.  The Kikuchi Diary: Chronicle From an
         American Concentration Camp: The Tanforan jour¬
         nals of Charles Kikuchi. Ed. John Modell. Urbana:
                   The Bibliography                         115



        University of Illinois Press, 1992. ISBN: 0252062833.
        253 pages; photographs.
        Originally published University of Illinois Press, 1973.
        ISBN: 0252003152.

234. Kikumura, Akemi (1944-). Promises Kept: Life of an Issei
        Man.    Rev. ed. Novato, California: Chandler and
        Sharp Publishers, Inc., 1991.     ISBN: 0883165635:
        0883165627. 132 pages; photographs.
        Although the subject of this book is her father,
        Kikumura writes in the first person, and many of her
        own experiences, thoughts, and interpretations are
        worked into the story. The chapter "Going Home" is
        about her visit to her father's family in Japan. Her ex¬
        periences there lead her to imagine what her parents'
        life would have been like had they stayed in Japan.
        She concludes that it would have been easier. On the
        other hand, Kikumura feels she would not have en¬
        joyed the life she would have had in Japan. The
        telling of her father's story is an exploration of her
        own life. Joan Lidoff writes in her article "Autobiog¬
        raphy in a Different Voice: Maxine Hong Kingston's
        The Woman Warrior" (Auto/Biography Studies. 3.3
        [Fall 1987]) that "Today we often find women's autobi¬
        ographies written as biography ... a number of daugh¬
        ters writing their own story as a subplot of their par¬
        ents'. The story of the other is foreground; one's own
        story emerges from the interstices, and the back¬
        ground" (p. 30).

235. King, Charles H. Fire in My Bones. Grand Rapids, Michi¬
        gan: W. B. Eerdmans Publishing Co., 1983.     ISBN:
        0802835708:0802800378. 326 pages.
        King writes about his entry into the ministry and the
        political events and personal experiences leading to
        the development of his theology which embraced a so¬
        cial gospel, "the gospel of earthly redemption" (p. 43),
        and also signaled his growing political commitment.
        He became deeply involved in the sit-ins, marches,
        and demonstrations which characterized the Civil
        Rights Movement, and eventually gave up his parish
116      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         to devote his energies to political issues: "[M]y ten-year
         tenure had changed me from being a Negro to becom¬
         ing a black man. ... I began to disdain the weak theo¬
         logical shorings of the traditionalists, and I sought for a
         new philosophy of religion which was both religiously
         sustaining and secularly fulfilling" (p. 112). Immedi¬
         ately after his retirement, King took charge of the Hu¬
         man Relations Commission in Gary, Indiana. In this
         book he describes the changes that took place within
         the black church in response to the political climate
         and growing influence of militant groups. King doc¬
         uments his initial contacts and interactions with vari¬
         ous black militant groups and his personal response to
         their philosophy. After completing his work with the
         Human Relations Commission, King went on to work
         with other politically active groups, including the Ur¬
         ban Crisis Center in Atlanta. He also worked with the
         Lutheran Church, offering racial awareness seminars.
         He speaks of a turning point for himself in his work
         with white Americans which led him to develop a
         new series of seminars using the "encounter" method.
         King describes this seminar and its purpose in some
         detail: "My purpose is to convince white people to
         change. If they don’t change, it actually spells the end
         of a future for many, many blacks" (p. 313). "The prob¬
         lem is white racism. The problem is discrimination.
         The problem is racial prejudice. . . . The answer is the
         will and power of white society and white institutions
         to change. They must change" (p. 317).

 236. King, Coretta Scott. My Life with Martin Luther King, Jr.
         Rev. ed. New York: Henry Holt, 1993.           ISBN:
         030810221. 372 pages.
         Originally published New York: New York, Holt,
         Rinehart, and Winston, 1969.

 237. Kingman, Dong (1911-). Paint the Yellow Tiger. New
         York: Sterling Publishing Co., 1991. ISBN: 0806983167.
         128 pages; illustrations by the author.
         Born in Oakland, California, in 1911, Dong Kingman
         had just begun kindergarten when his father decided
         to move the family to Hong Kong. Kingman writes
                      The Bibliography                           117



          about his earliest artistic inclinations which, as a child,
          he manifested through sidewalk drawings outside his
          home. After being sent back to the United States with
          his brothers, Kingman attended art school while oper¬
          ating his own restaurant. Although initially discour¬
          aged by his art teacher, Kingman did not believe that
          his passion for art could be so strong and his talents so
          weak. He began working with water colors, and the
          story of his successful career as an artist is documented
          in this book. Every page includes a sketch or a water
          color by Kingman, many created specifically for this
          book.

238. Kingston, Maxine Hong. China Men. New York: Knopf,
        1980. ISBN: 0394424638. 308 pages.
        Note: Also published New York: Vintage Books, 1989.
        ISBN: 0679723285.
          In Woman Warrior (1976) and China Men, Kingston
          presents autobiographical material together with her
          interpretations of Chinese myths and legends, and the
          history of her family and of China based on her
          knowledge of the facts as well as the workings of her
          imagination. In China Men, Kingston writes that she
          was anxious to visit China, to explore her ancestral vil¬
          lage, and to "compare China, a country I made up with
          what country is really out there" (p. 87). As suggested
          by the title, Kingston's earlier work focuses on women
          and their status in China and among Chinese Ameri¬
          cans: how the conflicts between traditional Chinese
          culture, its American permutations, and Western
          American culture have shaped her mother and her¬
          self. China Men illustrates the problems and opportu¬
          nities presented by the culture clashes from the context
          of the men in Kingston's family: her father, brother,
          grandfathers, and other male relatives from her past
          and present.

239. —.    The Woman Warrior: Memoirs of a Girlhood Among
          Ghosts. New York: Knopf, 1976. ISBN: 0394400674.
          209 pages.
          Note: Also published New York: Vintage Books, 1989.
          ISBN: 0679721886.
118      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         See Kingston's China Men for a description of this
         work.

 240. Kochiyama, Yuri (1921-). Fishmerchant's Daughter: An
        Oral History. Written with Arthur Tabier. New York:
        Community Documentation Workshops, St.-Mark's-
        in-the-Bowery, 1981. 2 volumes; photographs.
         Kochiyama relates the story of her life before, during,
         and after World War II, and the relocation of 110,000
         West Coast Japanese Americans to internment camps.
         Already aware of hostility toward and prejudice
         against Japanese Americans from her experiences
         looking for work and being excluded from unions,
         Kochiyama was nonetheless shocked by the intern¬
         ment. Her father was arrested as an enemy alien, and
         died shortly afterwards. FBI agents were present at his
         funeral to make note of those who attended. At the
         end of the war and the dissolution of the camps, many
         Japanese Americans had no home to which they could
         return, and they continued to be viewed as the enemy
         by many white Americans.         After her marriage,
         Kochiyama moved to New York, where she and her
         husband hosted many traveling Japanese American
         soldiers and students. Kochiyama also writes about
         her involvement with the "Hiroshima Maidens,"
         young girls who were victims of the atomic bomb and
         had come to the United States for medical treatment.

 241. Krupat, Arnold, ed. Native American Autobiography: An
        Anthology. Wisconsin Studies in American Autobi¬
         ography. Madison: University of Wisconsin Press,
         1994. ISBN: 0299140202. 546 pages; photographs.
         Note: Also published in paperback. ISBN: 0299140245.
        This anthology presents complete autobiographical es¬
        says and excerpts from larger works spanning a period
        of almost 300 years. The works in this anthology, as
        distinguished by Krupat, represent two types of autobi¬
        ography. The first type Krupat calls "Indian Autobiog¬
        raphy." In this type, the subject speaks through an in¬
        terpreter to the recorder/editor, who is often, though
        not always, an anthropologist. Krupat calls the second
                    The Bibliography                         119



        type "Autobiographies by Indians," with the text writ¬
        ten by the subject of the narrative. Krupat divides the
        work into seven sections and has written an introduc¬
        tion for each section and for each excerpt. Sections six
        and seven fall within the restrictions of this bibliogra¬
        phy; that is, they include at least some works published
        after 1980. Section six contains excerpts or essays by
        "mixed-blood" writers including Momaday, Rose,
        Vizenor, and Hogan.        The essays by Vizenor and
        Hogan also appear in I Tell You Now: Autobiographi¬
        cal Essays by Native Americans, 1987 (see entry in this
        bibliography under individual essayists or under edi¬
        tor, Swann). Section seven, "Traditional Lives Today,"
        contains the stories of Native Americans "intimately
        acquainted with the ways of the dominant, non-Indian
        culture but whose lives are nonetheless guided by tra¬
        ditional values." Individuals whose life histories are
        presented here are Fools Crow, Albert Yava or Big
        Falling Snow, Peter Kalifornsky, Angela Sidney, Annie
        Ned, and Kitty Smith. Entries for the entire works
        from which these excerpts are taken are listed sepa¬
        rately in this bibliography.

242. Ladd, Jerrold (1970-).     Out of the Madness: From the Pro¬
        jects to a Life of Hope. New York: Warner Books, 1994.
        ISBN: 0446517445. 195 pages.
        Ladd tells the story of his childhood in a West Dallas
        housing development. He describes his home as a
        "Hitler camp," where filth, insect infestation, oppres¬
        sive heat, and hunger were his daily companions. His
        father left, abandoning his drug addicted wife and
        their three children to a situation where there was lit¬
        tle or no income, and little or no attention to their es¬
        sential needs. Ladd's story is about his determination
        not to repeat the failures of his mother and father, and
        of many of the adults in his neighborhood—to avoid
        drugs, alcohol, and violence—and to take care of his
        children no matter what. In this work, Ladd addresses
        the importance of a knowledge of one's heritage and
        his own regeneration at learning about his African and
        African American heritage: "My discovery of dead lit¬
        erary role models permanently cured my doubt and
120      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         made me bind back to the fundamental truth. Know¬
         ing the great accomplishments of my people, when
         they existed in their own civilizations, started a chain
         reaction that would change the foundation of my
         mind" (p. 175). He currently writes, and, at the time of
         the writing of this book, had started up a small com¬
         pany to produce films and books for African Ameri¬
         cans.

 243. Lamar, Jake.  Bourgeois Blues: An American Memoir.
        New York: Summit Books, 1991. ISBN: 0671691910.
        174 pages.
        Note: Also published New York: Plume, 1991. ISBN:
        0452269113.
        Lamar, a graduate of Harvard and writer for Time
        Magazine, writes about his relationship with his fa¬
        ther, who was ambitious and hardworking, but also
        controlling and often violent. As Lamar sorts through
        his feelings for his father and struggles with decisions
        about his role as an African American writer, he re¬
        views his experiences at his alma mater and Time, two
        bastions of white male tradition, considering the subtle
        and not-so-subtle impact that his race has had on him
        and those around him.

                                    Gift of Power: The Life
 244. Lame Deer, Archie Fire (1935-).
        and Teachings of a Lakota Medicine Man. Written
        with Richard Erdoes. Santa Fe: Bear and Co., 1992.
        ISBN: 0939680874. 280 pages; photographs.
        Archie Fire Lame Deer recounts his childhood with
        his maternal grandfather, a traditional Lakota Indian
        and medicine man. Although his grandfather died
        when Lame Deer was 11, his teachings have remained
        with Lame Deer throughout his life. After his grand¬
        father's death, Lame Deer was sent to a Catholic board¬
        ing school, where an attempt was made to stifle his
        Indian identity and spirituality. Two years later. Lame
        Deer ran away from the boarding school, and it was
        about this time that he met his father, John Lame
        Deer, also a medicine man, for the first time. Many
        years later, John Lame Deer, on his deathbed, trans-
                     The Bibliography                        121



        ferred his spiritual power to his son, Archie, who then
        followed the path that led him to fulfill his father's
        and his grand-father's vision for him. Lame Deer ex¬
        plains what it means to be a medicine man. The term
        in English, according to Lame Deer, does not express
        the true nature of the spiritual leader, nor does it ac¬
        count for the variety that exists among medicine men.
        At the time of the writing of this book, Lame Deer was
        lecturing on Indian spirituality and traditions
        throughout Europe and the United States.

245. Lane, Lois W.    The Last of the Thirteen Growing Up in
        Georgia.   New York: Vantage Press, 1988.         ISBN:
        0533075645. 77 pages.
        Lois Lane describes her status as the baby of a family of
        thirteen children. She lost her mother when she was
        just seven years old and was subsequently cared for by
        her aunt, but Lane felt that any opportunity to better
        herself would be up to her. She arranged for her own
        education and was able to complete a college degree
        and earn teaching credentials while also providing
        some financial assistance to family members at home.
        Lane writes of many adverse situations, including mis¬
        treatment and neglect from older siblings and injus¬
        tices in the work place.

246. Lee, George P. (1943-).Silent Courage: An Indian Story:
        The Autobiography of George P. Lee, a Navajo. Salt
        Lake City: Deseret Book Co., 1987.    ISBN: 0875790569.
        359 pages; photographs.
        George P. Lee spent his early childhood living a tradi¬
        tional Navajo life on the Navajo reservation in the
        Four Corners area, herding sheep and migrating be¬
        tween summer and winter hogans with his family.
        His family also worked as migrant fieldworkers for
        two months out of each year. Lee stresses the poverty
        in which his family lived, and the alcoholism from
        which his father and many in his extended family suf¬
        fered. But he also writes of a happy childhood and a
        strong sense of being loved. As migrant workers,
        members of his family were attacked both verbally and
122       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



          physically. Their attackers were motivated by virulent
          racism. Lee writes that "[d]espite having to venture
          into a white man's world and be treated worse than
          dogs, we were Navajo through and through. Deep in¬
          side, we had unconditional respect for ourselves. We
          were true to our Navajo heritage and this gave us . . .
          a higher understanding of nature and of life" (p. 84).
          Lee became a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of
          Latter-Day Saints (LDS) when his mother checked that
          particular box on a boarding school application. Re¬
          quired by the school to choose an "Anglo" religion, she
          chose that of a respected white friend. This friend of
          the family later talked Lee's parents into letting him
          participate in a special foster family program spon¬
          sored by the Mormon church. Lee describes adjusting
          to this new family; the difficulties of making the tran¬
          sition from home life on the reservation, to home life
          in Utah and back again; and his continued dedication
          to the church and his work with the Navajo people
          through the church.

 247. Lee, Jarena (b. 1783-), Zilpha Elaw (b. 1790?-) and Julia A. J.
         Foote (1823-1900).       Sisters of the Spirit: Three Black
         Women's Autobiographies of the 19th Century. Ed.
         William L. Andrews.          Religion in North America.
         Bloomington: Indiana University Press, 1986. ISBN:
         0253352606:0253287049. 245 pages; bibliography.
         This work reprints autobiographies of three female
         African American evangelists originally published in
         the nineteenth century. Jarena Lee was born to free
         parents in 1789. She arranged for the publication of
         her autobiography, The Life and Religious Experiences
         of Jarena Lee in 1836 and again in 1839. A revised ver¬
         sion was published in 1849. She used this work as a
         conversion tool which she passed out at religious
         meetings.      Lee was preaching with the African
         Methodist Episcopal (A.M.E.) Church in Philadelphia
         at a time when women were not licensed to do so.
         Zelpha Elaw, born about 1790 also to free parents, be¬
         came a self-supported itinerant preacher sometime af¬
         ter 1823 and included a sojourn to the slave states and
         a visit to England as part of her spiritual travels. She
                      The Bibliography                        123



        published her Memoirs of the Life, Religious Experi¬
        ence, Ministerial Travels, and Labors of Mrs. Zilpha
        Elazv about 1846. Julia A. J. Foote, born in 1823, was the
        daughter of former slaves who had purchased their
        freedom. She began her preaching career shortly after
        becoming a member of the A.M.E. Zion Church. Her
        preaching was not acceptable to the church leaders, and
        she was forced out of the membership. Foote contin¬
        ued as an itinerant evangelist. She published A Brand
        Plucked From the Fires in 1879 and again in 1886.
        Nearly a decade after this second publication, she be¬
        came the first woman ordained as deacon in the
        A.M.E. Zion Church.

248. Lee, Joann Faung Jean (1950-).    Asian American Experi¬
        ences in the United States: Oral Histories of First to
        Fourth Generation Americans From China, the Philip¬
        pines, Japan, India, the Pacific Islands, Vietnam, and
        Cambodia. Jefferson, North Carolina: McFarland &
        Co., 1991. ISBN: 0899505856. 228 pages; photographs.
        Note: Also published New York: The New Press, 1992.
        ISBN: 1565840232 with the title Asian Americans: Oral
        Histories. . . .
       Lee presents here 52 interviews with 40 subjects
       described by the subtitle of the book. Oddly enough,
       "Korea" was left out of the title, although Korean
       Americans are represented in this collection.        Lee
       writes that she "aimed to come as close as possible to
       Asian American attitudes and lifestyles as defined by
       their cultural past and American present" (p. xi). As
       one might expect from such a broad selection of sub¬
       jects, a range of experiences and outlooks, can be found
       within these interviews. The book is divided into
       three sections: "Living in America," "Aspects of Amer¬
       icanization," and "Interracial Marriage."

249. Lee, Mary Kuang Sun Paik (1900-).     Quiet Odyssey: A Pio¬
        neer Korean Woman in America. Ed. Sucheng Chan.
        Seattle: University of Washington Press, 1990. ISBN:
        0295969466. 201 pages; photographs; bibliography.
124     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



        Mary Kuang Sun Paik Lee tells the story of her family's
        immigration to the United States, their struggles to
        make a living in the face of racially-discriminatory la¬
        bor laws, employers who exploited their workers, and
        the Great Depression. Although her parents were
        never able to get beyond a subsistence existence, the
        children, as they grew up, had better opportunities and
        prospered.     Lee writes: "The fourth generation of
        young Koreans growing up in comfortable homes with
        every advantage open to them will find it difficult to
        realize the sacrifices made by the first generation. It is
        very gratifying to me to see the progress our family has
        made from poverty to where we are today" (p. 134).
        Lee provides some family history. Both her mother
        and father were from relatively prosperous families
        and were well educated. Lee’s grandmother, educated
        by Christian missionaries at a time when few Korean
        women had the opportunity to learn, established the
        first girls' school in Pyongyang. Although she does
         not dwell on discrimination, Lee devotes a chapter to
         describing the kind of overt and covert discrimination
         that she and other racial minorities faced in the Cali¬
         fornia of her youth and early adult years. The editor
         provides a brief history of Korea, chapters on Korean-
         American family farms, rice growing, and a biblio¬
         graphic essay of books on Korea and Korean Ameri¬
         cans.

 250. Left Handed (1868-?). Left Handed, a Navajo Autobiogra¬
         phy. Recorded and edited by Walter and Ruth Dyk.
         New York: Columbia University Press, 1980. ISBN:
         0231049463. 578 pages; photographs.
         Note: Translated from the Navajo.
         This is the sequel to Son of Old Man Hat; a Navajo
         Autobiography. New York: Harcourt Brace, cl938.
         (Also published Lincoln, Nebraska: University of Ne¬
         braska Press, 1967. ISBN: 0803250541 and reissued in
         1996. ISBN: 0803279582.) In Son of Old Man Hat, Left
         Handed covered the years of his life from childhood
         through maturity. This volume discusses three years
         at the end of the 1880s when Left Handed was in his
         twenties. His narrative reveals the difficulties he en-
                    The Bibliography                         125



        counters in his relationship with his wife, and ele¬
        ments of daily life including such subjects as
        witchcraft, religion, the Navajo clan system, seasonal
        migrations connected to the herding of sheep, and the
        care of cattle and horses. This narrative is a detailed
        account including daily minutiae and conversations.

251. Leighton, Alexander H. (1908-).
        See Lucky.

252. Lester, Julius. Lovesong: Becoming a jew. New York:
        Henry Holt, 1988. ISBN: 0805005889. 248 pages; pho¬
        tographs.
        Note: Also published New York: Arcade Publishers,
        1991. ISBN: 1559701757. Lester's earlier autobiography
        is All is Well. New York: W. Morrow, 1976. ISBN:
        0688030459.
        Lester's great-grandfather was a German-Jewish immi¬
        grant, and his great-grandmother was a former slave.
        As a child asking questions, Lester did not receive
        much information about his great-grandparents, but
        because many of his experiences had some connection
        with Judaism, he looks back on his life as a spiritual
        journey leading finally to his conversion to Judaism.
        He writes of growing up as the son of a Methodist
        minister and community leader and recalls his re¬
        sponses to religious events, the Bible, and his father's
        strict moral vision. Lester writes about his feelings for
        and involvement in the Civil Rights Movement, and
        particularly about the role he played in the controversy
        that developed over the movement toward commu¬
        nity control of schools in New York. Lester presents
        his story year by year, documenting the changes he
        underwent spiritually, emotionally, and socially—not
        without a sense of humor.

253. Lewis, Lloyd (1904-). Life is for Living: An Autobiography.
       The Black Contemporary Lives Series. Dayton, Ohio
        (402 Salem Ave., Dayton 45406): Fells Johnson Techni-
       write, Inc., 1989. ISBN: none. 112 pages; photographs.
126      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         Born with the entrepreneurial spirit and growing up
         with the dream of "carloads" of money, Lewis set out
         in his adult years to succeed in business. A graduate of
         Wilberforce College in Ohio, Lewis' first job was as a
         physical education director at a branch of the Dayton
         YMCA. He describes the segregated nature of that in¬
         stitution.    Despite the YMCA's own institutional
         racism, it was the only place for African American boys
         to play basketball, since they weren't allowed on high
         school teams. Lewis was able to break some color bar¬
         riers while working at the YMCA. He became chair¬
         man of Dayton's Fifth Street Branch, and the first black
         chairman with a vote. He writes that at first he had a
         voice but no vote: "After the Board got through listen¬
         ing to me, they concluded it was easier to give me a
         vote than to listen to me talk so much" (p. 67). In 1939,
         Lewis, with other members of the black civic organiza¬
         tion known as the Dayton Frontier Club, attempted
         unsuccessfully to persuade the local high school to in¬
         tegrate its programs, but later, in the '50s, he helped to
         organize a successful attempt to integrate the local
         Hospital.

 254. Lightfoot, Claude M. (1910-).    Chicago Slums to World
         Politics: Autobiography of Claude M. Lightfoot. Writ¬
         ten with Timothy V. Johnson (1952-). New York: New
         Outlook, 1987. ISBN: 0878981659. 226 pages; pho¬
         tographs.

        Claude Lightfoot documents his 60-year membership
        in the United States Communist Party. Joining in 1931
        after becoming discouraged by the Democratic Party,
        Lightfoot quickly took on leadership roles. He explains
        why he joined the Communist Party and why he has
        remained with them. He notes that the work of the
        Communist Party in black neighborhoods was quite
        evident during the 30s. There was no such evidence of
        Democratic or Republican Party work. He also writes
        that "when I joined the Communist Party I was 'free at
        last.' From that moment on, I did not have to bow
        and scrape before the man. I was my own man" (p.
        203). Lightfoot was arrested under the Smith Act dur¬
        ing the McCarthy era and was under virtual house ar-
                    The Bibliography                          127



        rest for ten years while his case was in the courts. He
        was eventually acquitted of charges brought against
        him by the U.S. Government. Immediately upon his
        acquittal, he returned to Party work and only limited
        his activities because of health problems. Lightfoot
        records his experiences as a soldier during World War
        II, the treatment he received as an African American
        soldier and as a prominent member of the Communist
        Party, and also of his work in the Civil Rights Move¬
        ment through the auspices of the Communist Party.

255. Lin, Alice Murong Pu (1942-).     Grandmother Had No
        Name. San Francisco: China Books and Periodicals,
        1988. ISBN: 0835120457:0835120341. 220 pages.
        Lin describes her aunts and uncles to reveal the expec¬
        tations of and possibilities for women in China, and
        the past and current state of marriage and child-rearing
        there. She combines her childhood memories of liv¬
        ing in China with her experiences as an adult during a
        return trip in 1979, nearly 30 years later. Lin arrived in
        Michigan to attend the University during the era of
        the Civil Rights Movement. As part of her graduate
        studies, she worked with recent immigrant families.
        This contact allowed Lin to verify her own sense of
        what she could accomplish as a woman in America
        and compare it with her possibilities in China. She
        finds both stark contrasts and surprising similarities.
        Lin addresses American stereotypes of Asian women
        and the low value placed on female children in the
        climate of China's one-child policy. Lin is anxious to
        work for changes to improve the status of women in
        both countries.

256. Linda B. (Nguyen Thi Loan). Edge of Survival: Vietnam,
        the Other Side. Charleston, South Carolina: Ashley
        Publishing, 1993. ISBN: 0963716700. 240 pages; maps.
        Note: From title page: "The true story of a young girl's
        growth and experiences in war-torn North and South
        Vietnam; not as seen by foreigners or the soldiers who
        fought that terrible war, but by those who were most
        deeply affected: the Vietnamese people."
128      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         Linda B. writes about growing up in Vietnam between
         the years of 1951 and 1969. She has memories of a
         beautiful land, a loving family, and close friends. Her
         "peaceful existence" ended when her village was in¬
         vaded and her father murdered. From that point on,
         her life was a continuous struggle for survival. She
         eventually left Vietnam after marrying an American
         soldier. Linda B. is currently working on a new book,
         Bui Doi.

 257. Ling, Jing Chuan (1930-). Odyssey in the Forest. Tacoma,
         Washington: All My Somedays, 1982. ISBN: none. 69
         pages; photographs.
         Note: Written as part of the All My Somedays/Living
         History project sponsored by the Pierce County Library
         and the Tacoma Public Library.
         Ling writes about her childhood in the predominant¬
         ly white community of Tacoma, Washington.          Her
         father, an herb doctor, arrived in Tacoma in 1906 and
         brought her mother over from China in 1924. Her
         parents raised ten children during the years of the de¬
         pression. Ling describes her early friendships and
         schooling.    She recalls the disappearance of the
         Japanese after the bombing of Pearl Harbor, and that
         she and her siblings wore a special badge which identi¬
         fied them as Chinese.

 258. Lipscomb, Mance (1895-1976). I Say Me for a Parable: The
         Oral Autobiography of Mance Lipscomb, Texas Blues
         Man. As told to A. Glenn Alyn. New York: W. W.
         Norton, 1993. ISBN: 039303500X. 508 pages; pho¬
         tographs; map; discography; filmography; song index.
         Note: Also published New York: Da Capo Press, 1994.
         ISBN: 030680610X.
         Lipscomb tells about his family, childhood, farming
         experiences and musical life in this oral account of his
         life. Provided with very little formal education, Lip¬
         scomb learned the basics of reading and writing from
         an itinerant tutor. His father was a professional fid¬
         dler, and he got Lipscomb started on the fiddle. Lip¬
         scomb became a guitarist and singer as well. In 1961 he
                     The Bibliography                                129



        was invited to take part in the Berkeley Blues Festival,
        and went on to tour throughout the rest of the conti¬
        nental United States.      He also made a number of
        recordings with Arhoolie and Reprise Records. Lip¬
        scomb, also a tenant farmer, describes the hardships
        and inequality of that life:
           I call myself a slave until I got somewhere along about
           foedy-five years of age. I had to go by the landowner's
           word. Do what he said ta git a home ta stay in. And then
           when I make my crop, why he sold the cotton, an figgered it
           out his own way. An brought me out in debt. I didn clear no
           money til nineteen foedy-five in my whole life. (p. 299)

259. Loan, Nguyen Thi.
        See entry for Linda B.

260. Loftus, Mitzi Asai. Made in japan and Settled in Oregon.
        Coos Bay, Oregon: Pigeon Point Press, 1990. ISBN:
        none. 177 pages; photographs.
        Loftus grew up in Hood River, Oregon. Her parents
        immigrated from Japan, her father arriving in 1904
        and her mother coming as a "picture bride" in 1911.
        Loftus describes her childhood and her parents' child-
        rearing practices and expectations. Loftus relates the
        events of the evacuation and internment that fol¬
        lowed the bombing of Pearl Harbor, and her family's
        subsequent return after the war to neighbors, both hos¬
        tile and friendly. The difficulties of returning were
        compounded by the news of the death of her older sis¬
        ter who had been raised in Japan and been the victim
        of a firebombing during the war. Loftus traveled to
        Japan on a Fulbright grant in 1957. While teaching
        there, she was able to meet many relatives, including
        her sister's surviving son.

261. Lone Dog, Louise.  Strange Journey: The Vision Life of a
        Psychic Indian Woman. Ed. Patricia Powell. Happy
        Camp, California: Naturegraph Publishers, 1990.
        ISBN: 0879612061:087961207X. 105 pages; illustrations.
       Louise Lone Dog describes her experiences with the
       spirit world as a child and as an adult. She tells of her
130      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         visions and their significance for the future of human¬
         kind.

 262. Lopez, Arcadia H. (1909-). Barrio Teacher. Houston: Arte
         Publico Press, 1992. ISBN: 1558850511. 81 pages.
         Arcadia Lopez' earliest memory is of the revolution in
         1913 and her family's flight from Mexico. They crossed
         the border, settling first in Laredo and then San Anto¬
         nio. Lopez describes her neighborhood in a San Anto¬
         nio barrio and the poverty of her family and her
         neighbors. She writes of her college years during
         which she balanced work and study, finally achieving
         her goal of becoming a teacher. In her 46 years as an
         elementary-school teacher, Lopez pioneered bilingual
         education and continued to direct a bilingual training
         program after her retirement. About her first experi¬
         ences with bilingual education, Lopez writes:
            Previous to the bilingual education experiments, only about
            one third of my [first grade] students performed well enough
            to merit promotion ... so, I worked with the project whole
            heartedly. I saw the change in the students immediately.
            They became more alert and they felt good about them¬
            selves. (p. 67)


 263. Lorde, Audre.    Zami, a New Spelling of My Name:
         Biomythography. The Crossing Press Feminist Series.
         Trumansburg, New York: The Crossing Press, 1982.
         ISBN: 0895941236:0895941228. 256 pages.
         Lorde writes that the "[ijmages of women flaming like
         torches adorn and define the borders of my journey,
         stand like dykes [sic] between me and the chaos. It is
         the images of women, kind and cruel, that lead me
         home" (p. 3). In Lorde's story of her childhood grow¬
         ing up in New York City during World War II, she de¬
         scribes her relationships and experiences with her
         mother, aunts, female teachers, and female friends and
         lovers. It was in high school that Lorde first began to
         meet other girls with whom she could identify and
         who shared her interest in words and poetry. The girl
         to whom Lorde felt closest committed suicide before
         her senior year, and images of her reappear through¬
         out the work. This book is at once a coming-of-age
                     The Bibliography                          131



        story and an homage to the women Lorde has loved
        most.

264. Loving, Neal V. (1916-).  Loving's Love: A Black Ameri¬
        can's Experience in Aviation. Smithsonian History of
        Aviation Series. Washington: Smithsonian Institution
        Press, 1994. ISBN: 1560983426. 288 pages; photographs.
         Loving tells the story of his life-long devotion to flying
         and aircraft design and construction. He was first
        struck with this love of flight at the age of 10, took his
        first ride at 14, and joined the Ace Flying Club, an all¬
        black organization, when he was 16. He attended a
        technical high school which allowed him to work on
        aeronautic design and construction. Loving describes
        his experiences building gliders, learning to fly, start¬
        ing his own glider construction company, and flying
        after he became an accomplished pilot. Although he
        faced many obstacles due to racial discrimination, in¬
        cluding segregated airports and limited opportunities
        for lessons and employment that would take advan¬
        tage of his expertise in engineering and design. Loving
        was determined to do what he loved, and he suc¬
        ceeded. He emphasizes the importance of absolute at¬
        tention to detail both in building an aircraft and in fly¬
        ing one. Loving describes two accidents, both of which
        were the result of taking short cuts and disregarding
        warning signs. One of these accidents, which nearly
        cost him his life, was due to his own impatience. As a
        result of the accident. Loving was in the hospital for
        over six months and lost both legs. This loss did not
        keep him from his aviation dreams, and, in fact, most
        of his accomplishments as a pilot and airplane de¬
        signer occurred after the accident.

265. Lucas, Maria Elena (1941-). Forged Under the Sun: The
        Life of Maria Elena Lucas.   Ed. Fran Leeper Bus.
        Women and Culture Series. Ann Arbor: University of
        Michigan Press, 1993. ISBN: 0472094327:0472064320.
        314 pages; photographs; bibliography.
        Lucas grew up with migrant farm workers, on the edge
        of poverty. Discouraged by her teachers, her father,
132      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         and the harvesting schedule from getting an educa¬
         tion, Lucas kept diaries and wrote as an emotional re¬
         lease. Married at 15, Lucas had five children by the
         time she was 22, and had seven in all. They, like her,
         were discouraged by continual harassment from fin¬
         ishing school, though several went back and earned
         graduate degrees later on. Lucas writes about her work
         as a farm worker, an advocate for the rights of migrant
         farm workers, and as a union organizer.

 266. Lucky (1907-1958?). Lucky, the Navajo Singer. Ed. Joyce J.
         Griffen. Recorded by Alexander H. and Dorothea C.
         Leighton. Albuquerque: University of New Mexico
         Press, 1992. ISBN: 0826313744. 240 pages; photographs;
         maps; bibliography.
         This life history was prepared in the 1940s. Lucky was
         40 years old at the time. A sheepherder, Lucky was
         also a ceremonial singer. He describes the role of
         singing in everyday life and his own participation in
         ceremonies as an apprentice or assistant singer, and
         then achieving independent status. Representative of
         the Navajo people in transition. Lucky was caught be¬
         tween living a traditional lifestyle and living a more
         Euro-American lifestyle wrongheadedly encouraged by
         the federal government.     As a result of this anomie.
         Lucky suffered from addictions to alcohol and gam¬
         bling which, he himself notes, were significant prob¬
         lems on the Navajo reservation during his lifetime.

 267. Lyles, Charlise (1959-).Do 1 Dare Disturb the Universe?:
         From the Projects to Prep School. Boston: Faber and
         Faber, 1994. ISBN: 0571198368. 226 pages.
         Charlise Lilliane Lyles explores her formative years in
         her book which describes her childhood from about
         1968 through 1974. Influenced by her poetical and
         thoughtful, but chronically unemployed father, Lyles
         was also a dreamer. Although an avid reader like her
         father, Lyles was placed in the slowest class by the time
         she was in junior high because she was unable to
         maintain her concentration in class. She describes the
         events that brought her to this state: her family's fi-
                   The Bibliography                         133



       nancial problems—her mother was no longer able to
        afford their house after her father left—and their
       move to the projects; Lyles's friends and their child¬
       hood games turned mean and hard; daily threats of
       physical abuse; and the reality of murder claiming
       even the most innocent victims. When Lyles's native
       intelligence and creative spirit were uncovered by one
       of her teachers, everything began to change. Lyles
       writes about the new direction her life took, the build¬
       ing of her self esteem, and the development of a belief
       in the possibility of having a meaningful future. In
       her story, Lyles shows the importance of many pro¬
       grams which followed in the wake of the successes of
       the Civil Rights Movement, including such programs
       as Head Start, ABC (A Better Chance, Inc. Program),
       and the school breakfast and lunch programs; pro¬
       grams which made a difference for many children, in¬
       cluding Lyles and her brothers and sisters. She also
       paints a clear picture of how poverty and lack of oppor¬
       tunity can kill a person's spirit no matter how brilliant
       or talented. She writes the following about her own
       rescue: "In those days of opportunity, Mrs. Tierce and
       others were always on the lookout to salvage any child
       mistakenly discarded into the pile of academic rejects.
       And there were many. Mrs. Tierce and others like her
       found us, the children whose intelligence shone
       through despite traumas and terrors that kept us silent,
       numbed dumb" (p. 189).

268. MacDonald, Peter (1928-).The Last Warrior: Peter Mac¬
        Donald and the Navajo Nation. Written with Ted
       Schwarz. The Library of the American Indian. New
       York: Orion Books, 1993. ISBN: 0517593238:1561290939.
       371 pages; photographs.
       Peter MacDonald wrote this autobiography from
       prison.   He was convicted by Navajo and Federal
       Courts of misappropriating tribal funds during his
       fourth year of tribal chairmanship. He writes exten¬
       sively about the Big Boquillas land purchase that led to
       his court battles and the investigations and legal
       events that followed. MacDonald describes his child¬
       hood growing up on the Navajo reservation, his Bu-
134     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



        reau of Indian Affairs (BIA) schooling, military ser¬
        vice, and eventually his successful and lucrative career
        as an engineer. He left this career behind to return to
        the reservation with his family, where eventually he
        became involved with tribal politics to resist the land
        and resource grabs constantly being made by state and
        federal entities. He defends himself in this work, pre¬
        senting his side of the story, and he places it in the con¬
        text of other tribes (e.g. the Crow and the Northern
        Cheyenne) living on energy-rich lands who have also
        encountered legal problems and interference from the
        BIA.

 269. Madden, T. O.   We Were Always Free: The Maddens of
        Culpepper County, Virginia: A 200-Year Family His¬
        tory. Written with Ann L. Miller (1954-). New York:
        W. W. Norton, 1992. ISBN: 0393033465:0393033473.
        218 pages; photographs; bibliography; documents.
        Note: Also published New York: Vintage Books, 1993.
        ISBN: 0679745815.
        In this family history. Madden begins his story with
        his great-great grandmother Sarah, born in Spotsyl¬
        vania County, Virginia, in 1758. She was the daughter
        of a black man and a white woman. Because her
        mother was a free woman, Sarah's own freedom was
        insured. Sarah and her mother Mary, however, were
        destitute and Sarah was taken from her when she was
        2 to become an indentured servant, bound until she
        was 31. When Madden wrote this book, he had at his
        disposal a remarkable amount of information about
        his ancestors which he found in a document-filled
        trunk that had belonged to Sarah and been passed
        down through the generations. Madden goes on to
        trace other members of his family and their fortunes
        and failures, up through his own siblings. In his final
        chapter, he describes his own life, especially his en¬
        counters with racism and experiences with segrega¬
        tion.


 270. Mam, Teeda Butt.    To Destroy You Is No Loss: The
        Odyssey of a Cambodian Family. Written with Joan D.
                    The Bibliography                         135



        Criddle. New York: The Atlantic Monthly Press, 1987.
        ISBN: 0871131161. 289 pages.
        Note: Also published New York: Anchor Books, 1989.
        ISBN: 0385266286.
        This is a story of the Khmer Rouge takeover of Cam¬
        bodia, and the executions, and forced labor (for those
        who were spared) which followed. It is the story of
        one family’s own experiences, tragic struggles, and
        losses. Teeda Butt Mam tells of her three lives: first as
        the child of a well-to-do family, second as a forced la¬
        borer under the Khmer Rouge, and finally as an
        American citizen. This work describes the events lead¬
        ing up to her safe arrival in the United States with the
        remaining members of her family after two horrifying
        escapes from Cambodia.

271. Mankiller, Wilma Pearl (1945-). Mankiller: A Chief and
       Her People. Written with Michael Wallis. New York:
       St. Martin's Press, 1993. ISBN: 0312098685:0312113935.
       292 pages; photographs; bibliography.
        Mankiller spent her early childhood at Mankiller Flats
        on the Cherokee Reservation in Oklahoma. Her fam¬
        ily decided to take part in the U.S. Government's re¬
        moval program, which paid Native families to move
        off the reservation and into urban areas where there
        would be more employment opportunities. The tran¬
        sition was not easy for Mankiller or the rest of her
        family.   Employment opportunities were not what
        they had expected, and they missed the closely knit
        community of the reservation. Mankiller found some
        comfort at the San Francisco Indian Center, and it was
        through the associations she made there that she be¬
        came interested in civil rights activities and Vietnam
        War protests. She eventually became part of the
        movement that led to the nineteen-month occupation
        of Alcatraz in the name of Indians of All Tribes.
        Through her involvement with this movement,
        Mankiller became a skillful and dedicated community
        activist. She eventually returned to Oklahoma, where
        she became involved in tribal work which led to her
136     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



        election to Deputy Chief, and then Principal Chief of
        the Cherokee Nation of Oklahoma.

 272. Marcere, Norma (1908-). The Fences Between.        Canton,
        Ohio: Daring Publishing Group, 1989.              ISBN:
        0938936875. 455 pages; photographs.
        Norma Marcere was determined to be independent
        and have a career despite her mother's strong desire to
        have her stay at home and help raise her younger
        brothers and sisters. She was abused physically and
        emotionally by both her mother and siblings, and she
        eventually left them. When she applied for a teaching
        position, however, the local superintendent told her
        quite bluntly that he would never hire a "colored
        teacher as long as I am superintendent of these
        schools!" (p. 66). Marcere documents her fight against
        daily encounters with racism to pursue a meaningful
        career. She also writes of the daunting task of trying to
        succeed at marriage, motherhood, and a demanding
        profession all at the same time.

 273. Martin, Patricia Preciado.  Images and Conversations:
         Mexican Americans Recall a Southwestern Past. Pho¬
         tographs by Louis Carlos Bernal. Tucson: University of
         Arizona Press, 1983. ISBN: 0816508011:0816508038. 110
         pages; photographs; illustrations.
         Martin describes her collection as "personal reminis¬
         cences, folktales, anecdotes, and traditions ... an inti¬
         mate narrative of Tucson's Mexican-American pio¬
         neers . . ." (p. 10).   Thirteen oral histories depict
         changes that have taken place over the past century.
         Those individuals interviewed are Antonio Cordova,
         "The Tanque Verde & Sabino Canyon"; Herminia
         Cordova, "Sasabe & El Hoyo"; Leonardo Martinez,
         "The Rincons & Barrio Anita"; Maria Soto Audelo,
         "The Sierritas & Barrio Historico"; Alberto S. Urias,
         "Barrio Libre & Carrillo Gardens"; Elina Laos Sayre,
         "The Old Pueblo"; Jacinta Carranza, "Fort Lowell &
         Barrio Anita"; Henry Garcia, "El Hoyo & The Old
         Pueblo"; Felix Olivas, "Los Reales"; Frank Escalante,
         "The Far East Side & the Rincons"; Margarita Mar-
                      The Bibliography                           137



          tinez, "Along the Rio Santa         Cruz";   and    Miguel
          Amado, "Amado, Arizona."

274. —.    Songs My Mother Sang To Me: An Oral History of
          Mexican American Women. Tucson: University of
          Arizona Press, 1992. ISBN: 0816512795:0816513295. 224
          pages; photographs.
          Martin presents ten life histories of Mexican American
          women from the Tucson area. These women grew up
          in agricultural communities and have witnessed the
          transformation from a rural to an urban lifestyle. They
          describe their daily lives, the structure of their families
          and communities, and the role of the woman in both.
          Many include songs and poetry as part of their oral tes¬
          timonies. The ten women are Livia Leon Montiel,
          Julia Yslas Velez, Paulina Moreno Montoya, Socorro
          Felix Delgado, Carmen Celia Beltran, Esperanza Mon¬
          toya Padella, and Virginia Gastelum.

275. Martinez, Adrian (1932-). Adrian: An Autobiography.
       Written with Felix Garcia. Austin: Morgan Printing
       and Publishing, 1986. ISBN: none. 140 pages.

276. Maruoka, Emily Franklin.          Success, In Spite of Adver¬
          sities: An Autobiography.       N.p.: n.p., 1989.    ISBN:
          none. 61 pages.

277. Masaoka, Mike (1915-). They Call Me Moses Masaoka: An
       American Saga. Written with Bill Hosokawa. New
       York: W. Morrow, 1987. ISBN: 0688062369. 383 pages;
       photographs.
          Japanese immigrants were not allowed to become citi¬
          zens in the U.S. until 1952, and discriminatory immi¬
          gration laws were not eliminated until 1965. At the
          time Masaoka's parents settled in the United States,
          Japanese Americans were not allowed to own land, so
          Masaoka's family moved to Utah, which is where
          Mike and his brothers grew up. Masaoka's political
          work began in college, where he became a member of
          the Japanese American Citizens League (JACL) and in
          following years one of their national leaders, working
138     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



        full time for the organization after graduating from
        the university. He played a central role in negotiating,
        though unsuccessfully, on behalf of the rights of
        Japanese Americans with the U.S. Government after
        the bombing of Pearl Harbor. Younger generations of
        Japanese Americans have accused Masaoka of complic¬
        ity with the internment plans because of JACL's rec¬
        ommendation that all Japanese Americans should co¬
        operate with the government as a symbol of their pa¬
        triotism. He claims, however, that the organization
        leaders had no idea that mass relocation and intern¬
        ment was part of the United States' master plan. Al¬
        though he was not interned because of his responsibil¬
        ities with JACL, Masaoka volunteered for military
        service as soon as Japanese Americans were legally al¬
        lowed to sign up for active duty. Masaoka worked full
        time on behalf of Japanese American rights, including
        naturalization for the Issei and restitution for in¬
        ternees, during and after World War II.

 278. Mays, Willie (1931-).  Say Hey: The Autobiography of
        Willie Mays. Written with Lou Sahadi. New York:
        Simon & Schuster, 1988. ISBN: 0671632922. 286 pages;
        photographs.
        Family legend has it that Willie Mays began walking at
        six months, his father using an elusive baseball as in¬
        centive. Mays's father, a baseball player with the Birm¬
        ingham Industrial League, was teaching his son to play
        baseball before he was a year old. The result was that
        Mays was playing professionally with the Black Barons
        of the Negro League by the time he was 16. In that
        same year, Jackie Robinson broke the color barrier in
        the major leagues. A few years later. Mays followed
        Robinson and joined the New York Giants. Mays
        gives a careful account of his life in baseball, describing
        the high quality of the players in the Negro League, his
        work with Leo Durocher, the Giants' move to San
        Francisco, and his transfer to the Mets in the final
        years of his career.
                     The Bibliography                               139



279. McCall, Nathan.  Makes Me Wanna Holler: A Young
        Black Man in America. New York: Random House,
        1994. ISBN: 0679412689. 404 pages.
        Note: Also published New York: Vintage Books, 1995.
        ISBN: 0679740708.
        In telling his story, McCall deals with the issue of
        black-on-black violence: male-to-male, male-to-female,
        and female-to-male. He sees the prevalence of this vi¬
        olence as a reaction to a lack of self-esteem and to self-
        hatred developed over three hundred years of white
        dominance and racism. McCall suggests that the black
        man may feel powerless to strike out at the real en¬
        emy, the white power structure. Consequently, in de¬
        manding the respect from his acquaintances denied
        him by the larger society, he develops a macho posture
        which manifests itself in violent actions. In undergo¬
        ing his transformation from a life of violence on the
        street to a successful journalism career working for the
        mainstream press within the white power structure,
        McCall analyzes the influences that shaped his life. He
        describes the many social and psychological barriers
        which he had to overcome to leave the street perma¬
        nently. He considers why he was able to do so and
        why others have not succeeded:
            But I'd come from a stronger, intact family and a neighbor¬
            hood where there were lots of hardworking, right-doing
           black men and women whose lives demonstrated that there
            were many alternatives to life in the streets. There had al¬
            ways been some older person—a teacher, a neighbor, a rela¬
            tive—to encourage me when I'd faltered or fallen down.
           Even when I chose the gutter. I'd always had a frame of ref¬
           erence for a better life. That had made all the difference in
           the world, (p. 395)

280. McCarthy, James (1895-).       A Papago Traveler: The Memo¬
        ries of James McCarthy. Ed. John Glendower West-
       over. Sun Tracks 13. Tucson: University of Arizona
       Press, 1985. ISBN: 0816509336:0816509425. 200 pages;
       photographs; map.
       McCarthy, baptized Macario Antone, was born in Lit¬
       tlefield Village on the Big Papago Reservation of Ari¬
       zona. His story describes Papago life in the early twen¬
       tieth century, including details of family life and
140      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         Indian boarding schools. McCarthy describes his no¬
         madic life, telling how he attended several schools in
         several states, traveled with the military during and
         immediately following World War I, and then cov¬
         ered most of the Western half of the United States as
         he sought out various employment opportunities.
         The story ends as McCarthy completes his wanderings
         in 1957, settling with his wife and children in the Tuc¬
         son area.

 281. McCarty, Billy (1904-). Billy McCarty, Sr.: Ruby. Inter¬
        views conducted and text prepared by Yvonne Yarber
        and Curt Madison. Yukon-Koyukuk Biography Series.
        Fairbanks: Spirit Mountain Press, 1983.         ISBN:
        0910871035. 72 pages; photographs; maps.
        Note: Produced by Yukon-Koyukuk School District of
        Alaska.
        McCarty was born to an Irish father and an Athapascan
        mother. Besides the descriptions of his hunting, fish¬
        ing, and trapping experiences, McCarty describes the
        flu epidemic of 1918. He was herding reindeer during
        that time, and when trying to deliver goods to the
        town of Unalakleet, he was kept out. The town had
        quarantined itself, letting nothing in and no one out
        in an effort to keep the residents free of the disease.
        Even the mail was fumigated. McCarty describes an¬
        other town, Egarik, in which nearly everyone died.
        Visiting there at the end of the epidemic, McCarty
        writes of the complete horror and destruction which
        he confronted. The town was later completely aban¬
        doned.
        For a brief description and list of autobiographies in
        this Yukon-Koyukuk School District series, see the en¬
        try for Moses Henzie.

282. McCauley, Anna Kim-Lan. Miles From Home. Wake¬
       field, Massachusetts: AKLM Publications, 1984. ISBN:
       0961243007. 103 pages.

        As a child, Anna Kim-Lan McCauley suffered from an
        infection which left her completely blind. Living in
        Vietnam at the time of the war, McCauley's parents at-
                    The Bibliography                         141



        tempted unsuccessfully to abandon her once and, an¬
        other time, left her in an orphanage. When the coun¬
        try was split into North and South, McCauley chose to
        move with the orphanage from Hanoi to Saigon
        rather than return to her parents. This sequence of
        events led to an opportunity to attend a high school
        for blind children in Boston. McCauley writes about
        her education and social life, her eventual marriage
        and motherhood, and how she learned to be self-suffi¬
        cient, caring for herself and for her family.

283. McClane, Kenneth A. Walls: Essays, 1985-1990. African
       American Life Series. Detroit: Wayne State University
       Press, 1991. ISBN: 0814321348. 120 pages.
        These essays describe a variety of different events
        which McClane, first and foremost a poet, was inspired
        to write because of his brother's death at the age of 29.
        In these short works, McClane explores his feelings at
        the time of his brother's death, gives an account of his
        visit to a maximum security prison, describes his first
        meeting with James Baldwin, portrays his first college
        writing teacher, and writes about his traumatic experi¬
        ences at a predominately white, rigidly-operated pri¬
        vate school in New York City, and about his involve¬
        ment with students and fellow faculty members at
        Cornell University during a series of anti-apartheid
        protests.

284. McCoy, James (1912-). Rooted in Slavery: Memoirs. New
       York: Del Casa Educational Productions, 1981. ISBN:
       none. 226 pages.
       James McCoy provides the reader with a portrait of
       three generations of his family beginning with his
       grandparents, all four of whom were born during
       slavery, and ending with himself. He describes life on
       his grandparents' farm in Fayetteville, North Carolina
       and then in Petersburg, Virginia, after the family
       moved north. McCoy places his own family history in
       the context of the history of African Americans in this
       country and the special problems that have arisen out
       of that history. McCoy ends the book with a series of
142     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



        chapters which provide moral and philosophical
        guidelines for leading a happy and productive life.

 285. McPhatter, Thomas Hayswood.   Caught in the Middle: A
        Dichotomy of an African American Man: They Called
        Him Troublemaker: A Historical Autobiography of
        Leadership. San Diego: Audacity Books, 1993. ISBN:
        0963465805:0963465813. 452 pages; photographs.
        McPhatter describes his origins, giving his family's his¬
        tory as it was passed on to him by his parents, aunts,
        and uncles. His own history includes schooling at
        Redstone Academy, a private Presbyterian school that
        provided African American children with an educa¬
        tion far superior to the one they were able to receive in
        South Carolina's segregated school system; attendance
        at Johnson C. Smith University, where he helped lead
        a five-day student strike; dropping out of college to
        join the Marine Corps during the final years of World
        War II; and becoming a pastor and returning to service
        in the Marine Corps as a chaplain. This honest ac¬
        count of McPhatter's life includes both his successes
        and his mistakes and the lessons he learned thereby.
        McPhatter also documents his willingness to combat
        injustice as it confronts him and those close to him.

 286. Mebane, Mary E. (1933-). Mary. New York: Viking Press,
        1981. ISBN: 0670459380. 242 pages.
        Note: Also published Chapel Hill: University of North
        Carolina Press, 1994. ISBN: 0807844489.
         In this work, Mary Mebane explores the emotional
         hardships of her childhood in a rural town near
         Durham, North Carolina and examines the toll on her
         self-esteem caused by segregation and the accompany¬
         ing status of second-class citizenship. One of the most
         debilitating elements of Mebane's childhood was her
         sense that her mother merely tolerated and made the
         best use of Mebane's existence, not caring for her or
         showing her any affection.         After the death of
         Mebane's father, the family suffered, her brothers be¬
         coming remote and violent. Along with these per-
                    The Bibliography                         143



        sonal revelations, Mebane describes in great detail the
        natural world as she experienced it as a child.

287. —. Mary, Wayfarer. New York: Viking Press, 1983. ISBN:
        0670459607. 230 pages.
        Note: Also published Chapel Hill: University of North
        Carolina Press, 1994. ISBN: 0807844497.
        In this work, Mebane continues the story of her life,
        focusing on her teaching and writing career. The emo¬
        tional damage caused by her relationship with her
        mother continues to haunt her, and that, combined
        with her sense of ostracism within the black commu¬
        nity due to her dark skin color and social class, causes
        her severe depression, neurosis, and insomnia.
        Mebane explores the class and color distinctions
        within the Black community, her struggle with her
        family, and her own professional ambitions.

288. Meeks, Cathy.   I Want Somebody to Know My Name.
       Rev. ed. Macon, Georgia: Smyth and Helwys, 1994.
       ISBN: 1880837781. 114 pages.
       Originally published Nashville:       T. Nelson,   1978
       ISBN: 0840756429.

289. Meeks, Cordell D.To Heaven Through Hell: An Autobi¬
       ography of the First Black District Court Judge of
       Kansas. Kansas City: Corcell Publishers, 1986. ISBN:
       none. 242 pages; photographs.
       Meeks' childhood was fairly prosperous, but his father
       lost his job during the Great Depression. After leaving
       the family to find work, Meeks' father disappeared and
       the now-impoverished family never heard from him
       again. Meeks, nonetheless, followed his dream of pur-
       suing a legal career. While in high school, he was in¬
       volved in politics and public speaking, steadily prepar¬
       ing himself for his future. To attend the University of
       Kansas and, later, its law school, Meeks held down a
       number of jobs to finance his education. He writes
       about his legal and political career, his many clashes
       with a racist and still-segregated society, his eventual
144     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



        professional success, and the success of his children in
        the face of seemingly insurmountable odds.

 290. Mendoza, Lydia. Lydia Mendoza: A Family Autobiogra¬
        phy. Compiled by Chris Strachwitz with James Ni-
        colopulos. Houston: Arte Publico Press, 1993. ISBN:
        1558850651:155885066X. 409 pages; photographs; bibli¬
        ography; discography.
         Lydia Mendoza was a star of Mexican American music
         in the 30s and 40s. She performed with her family,
         singing the folk songs of Mexico. This book consists of
         narrative contributions from Lydia, her brothers and
         sisters. They relate their family history and the course
         of their musical careers.

 291. Meng, Chih.   Chinese American Understanding: A Sixty-
         Year Search. New York: China Institute in America,
         1981. ISBN: none. 255 pages.
        Chih Meng originally intended this work to be a his¬
        tory of the China Institute in America. When the pro¬
        ject proved to be immense, he revised the work and
        turned it into his memoirs, thinking that a "wider au¬
        dience would perhaps be interested to read how an
        antiforeign Chinese became an Americanophile and
        devoted his life to the search for Chinese-American
        understanding" (p. 13). Chih Meng's memoir accom¬
        plishes much more than this. It provides a history of
        significant events from his own and China's past.
        Chih Meng summarizes the contents and significance
        of the traditional Chinese education, and he promotes
        two-way cultural exchange. He describes the aspects of
        traditional Chinese values and teachings that he be¬
        lieves could benefit Americans, and the aspects of U.S.
        culture that might be useful for Chinese society. Chih
         Meng concludes his memoir with a plea for both
         China and the United States to learn and absorb what
         is best from each culture and to work toward world
         unity, the pursuit of peace, and the realization of Con¬
         fucius' vision of the Great Commonweal.
                    The Bibliography                                 145



292. Miles, Gregory (1953-).   C'mon You Mudhens! Reflection
        in [sic] the True Story of a Black Santa. Southfield,
        Michigan: United Sticks, 1984. ISBN: none. 112 pages;
        photographs; bibliography.
        Gregory Miles describes his youth and formative years
        during the late 50s and 60s. He relates the events of
        the Civil Rights Movement, the deaths of Martin
        Luther King, Jr., John F. Kennedy, and Robert Kennedy
        as they coincided with the events of his own child¬
        hood.    Miles writes of his father's triumphs and
        tragedies, and establishes the many contributions that
        he made to the family's community. Miles also tells
        about his own educational difficulties stemming both
        from the racial tensions of the early years of integra¬
        tion and from his limited eyesight.

293. Minatoya, Lydia Yuriko (1950-).  Talking to High Monks
        in the Snow: An Asian American Odyssey. New York:
       Harper Collins, 1992. ISBN: 0060168099. 269 pages.
       Note: Also published New York: Harper Perennial,
       1994.

       Growing up in a predominantly-white neighborhood,
       Minatoya struggled with separation and assimilation.
       Her mother was a Kibei, born in America and educated
       in Japan, and her father immigrated to the United
       States as a boy five years after his parents had done so.
       Their marriage was arranged in a United States in¬
       ternment camp       during World War II.       Minatoya
       writes about her education and her brief tenure as a
       university professor—the termination of which led to
       her move to Okinawa to teach on the military base.
       During her stay in Japan, Minatoya made an extended
       visit to China to teach and took a trip to Nepal. Famil¬
       iar enough with Japanese culture not to be over¬
       whelmed by it, she was completely comfortable with
       her position as a Japanese American in Japan. As she
       prepared to return to the United States, however, she
       found herself questioning her identity:
          Was I now Asian? Was I still American? Would I have to
          choose between the two? . . . While I had been living in
          Asia, Asia had begun living in me. She pulsed through my
          heart. She traveled through my bloodstream. She changed
146      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



            my perceptions, my thoughts, and my dreams. . . . But, O
            America—my stern, beloved fatherland—would I be worthy
            in your eyes? (p. 264)


 294. Modesto, Ruby.    Not for Innocent Ears: Spiritual Tradi¬
         tions of a Desert Cahuilla Medicine Woman. Written
         with Guy Mount.        Areata, California: Sweetlight
         Books, 1980.    ISBN: 0960446214.    120 pages; pho¬
         tographs; bibliography.
         Note: Reissued by Sweetlight Books, 1989.      ISBN:
         0960446206.
         Ruby Modesto was destined to be a pul, or shaman, af¬
         ter spontaneously dreaming to the 13th level at the age
         of 10. She explains that most dreamers seeking to
         dream beyond the first level take a certain herb, but
         that she accomplished the feat without this aid.
         Modesto also explains the different dream levels, the
         first being ordinary sleep, the second and higher be¬
         ginning with the dream self lying down and beginning
         to dream. It is in the second and higher levels that one
         finds a helper, and it is the helper that gives the puls
         their special healing and spiritual powers. Modesto
         describes creation as she and other Desert Cahuilla
         people see it, relates some of her experiences with
         healing, and narrates several traditional stories.

 295. Mohr, Nicholasa (1938-). Growing Up Inside the Sanctu¬
         ary of My Imagination. In My Own Words. New
         York: J. Messner, 1994.    ISBN: 0671741713.      118 pages;
         photographs.
         Mohr is a writer of fiction for children, young adults,
         and adults. This book is part of a series intended for
         young readers. She writes in her introduction that this
         work is a "real story about my emotions, my beliefs,
         and my search for self-esteem while growing up
         Puerto Rican and poor in these United States" (p. viii).
         Mohr was the seventh child born to her parents, and
         the first girl. Her early years were colored by her
         father's suspicion that she was not his daughter. The
         problem seemed to resolve itself enough to enable her
         to have a normal childhood, if a childhood beset with
         poverty and discrimination can be considered normal.
                   The Bibliography                         147



        Mohr did not begin to write until she was an adult.
        She describes how her mother encouraged her to draw,
        having failed to convince her to sew, embroider, or
        crochet. When Mohr received the praise and encour¬
        agement from her mother that she had always craved,
        she threw herself into her drawings, and her skills de¬
        veloped accordingly. Mohr began writing somewhat
        by chance. After her initial publishing successes, she
        exchanged her career as a visual artist for that of a
        writer.

296. Momaday, N. Scott (1934-). The Names: A Memoir. Sun
       Tracks 16. Tucson: University of Arizona Press, 1987.
       ISBN: 0816510466. 170 pages.
       Originally published New York: Harper & Row, 1976.
       ISBN: 0060129816.

297. Monroe, Mark (1930-). An Indian in White America. Ed.
       Carolyn Reyer. Philadelphia: Temple University Press,
       1994. ISBN: 1566392349:1566392357. 236 pages; pho¬
       tographs.

       Mark Monroe was suddenly confronted with violent
        racism, segregation, and harsh living conditions when
       his family moved from Wood, South Dakota, to Al¬
       liance, Nebraska. Monroe writes of daily fights at
       school, of Native American children placed in an
       "Opportunity Room," where they were taught noth¬
       ing, for their entire elementary-school career, and of
       local businesses with signs forbidding the entrance of
       "Indians or dogs." The army afforded Monroe his first
       opportunity to feel accepted and liked. His time in
       Korea, however, left him full of regret and self con¬
       tempt. He writes that he went to Korea, killed men,
       and destroyed villages as he was trained to do, without
       knowing where Korea was or why he was there. This
       regret, together with his childhood years of hardship
       and humiliation, left Monroe unable to cope with life.
       He describes years of uncontrolled alcoholism, during
       which he drank himself to the verge of death. After a
       year spent in a poorly run, impersonal treatment pro¬
       gram where he made no progress, a concerned social
       worker helped Monroe enter another program where
148      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         he received round-the-clock care which included the
         doctor personally helping Monroe to chew and swal¬
         low his food. Monroe was able to leave this program
         several months later, completely sober. His story con¬
         tinues with a description of his work in politics, as a
         mental health worker, and a community activist.

 298. Monroe, Sylvester.  Brothers: Black and Poor — A True
         Story of Courage and Survival. Written with Peter
         Goldman and Vern E. Smith. New York: W. Morrow,
         1988. ISBN: 068807622X. 284 pages; photographs.
         Note: Also published New York: Ballantine, 1989.
         ISBN: 0345361563.
         This work presents the stories of eleven men, includ¬
         ing Sylvester Monroe, who grew up in the Robert Tay¬
         lor Homes of Chicago. Monroe began the project as a
         series of interviews with the men, all of whom were
         his childhood friends. The interviews were published
         in Newsweek in 1986, and then expanded and revised
         into narrative form for this book.

 299. Montero, Juan M. (1942-). Halfway Through: An Autobi¬
        ography. Filipinos in the United States 1. Indianapolis:
        Philippine Heritage Endowment Publications, 1982.
        200 pages; photographs.
        Note: "A Historical Preservation Project of the Philip¬
        pine Heritage Endowment Fund, Indiana University
        Foundation, Bloomington, Indiana."
         Montero, a native of the Philippines, intended from
         childhood to become a doctor. This book is the story of
         his education and career. His training and profes¬
         sional career took place in the United States, and Mon¬
         tero describes the rigors of becoming an established
         surgeon in the U.S. medical system. He relates some
         of his notable cases in great detail, and concludes with
         an account of a mission trip by a group of 20 Ohio sur¬
         geons, including himself, to the Philippines.

 300. Moore, Sadie. Fred Moore: Narration in the First Person.
        Denton, Texas: Terrill Wheeler Printing, 1984. ISBN:
        none. 69 pages.
                    The Bibliography                        149



301. Mora, Pat. Nepantla: Essays From the Land in the Middle.
       Albuquerque: University of New Mexico Press, 1993.
       ISBN: 0826314546. 181 pages.
        With these essays, Mora covers a wide range of issues
        which are connected to her interest in what she calls
        the "culturally endangered." Mora writes about being
        a writer, being a Chicana writer, being a Latina writer,
        and being a writer from the United States. She has an
        immense sense of humility concerning her craft, and a
        drive to continue because of her responsibility to her
        "ethnic community" and to the community of all
        "like-minded souls seeking a more equitable world."
        Mora writes about her visits to other countries, and
        what she learned from these visits about herself and
        about society in the United States.      Although she
        writes as a member of a marginalized group, she also
        acknowledges her position of social and economic
        privilege. Two essays discuss the importance of multi¬
        cultural education for all students in the primary and
        secondary grades and in higher education. In her final
        essay, Mora discusses the need for the arts to be an ac¬
        cepted part of mainstream culture in the United States.

302. Morgan, Kathryn L.    Children of Strangers: The Stories of
        a Black Family.    Philadelphia: Temple University
        Press, 1980. ISBN: 0877222037:0877222401. 122 pages;
        photographs; bibliography.
        Morgan recounts the stories told to her by her mother
        that have become part of the family's traditional lore.
        The stories are those of her great grandmother who
        was born into slavery, her grandmother, and mother.
        Morgan gives brief accounts of her memories of listen¬
        ing to these stories, and records them as her mother
        told them to her. The stories served as lessons for
        moral and spiritual development for Morgan and her
        siblings and provided a strong sense of family history
        and self-worth.

303. Morris, Dorothy. None of Your Black Business.     N.p.: D.
       Morris, 1989. ISBN: none. 89 pages.
150     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



 304. Morrow, Curtis.   The Return of the African American.
        Chicago: C. Morrow, 1983. ISBN: none. 177 pages.
        Morrow left the United States for Ghana in 1965. He
        was not sympathetic with certain aspects of the Civil
        Rights Movement, namely the commitment to non¬
        violence and integration, and decided to forge new ter¬
        ritory for himself on the African continent. Morrow
        describes settling in with both American expatriates
        and native Ghanaians.       An artist, he incorporated
        many Ghanaian elements into his work. He returned
        to New York after eleven years of living in Ghana and
        Togo. Morrow found it difficult to admit that he
        missed anything about the United States: "I would
        think about ghettos, the jails, the prisons and the white
        man's justice—but in the end, my mind would always
        return to my mother and my family . . . and I knew I
        would have to return someday—and soon" (p. 154).

 305. Morrow, E. Frederic (1909-). Forty Years a Guinea Pig.
        New York: Pilgrim Press, 1980. ISBN: 0829803998. 235
        pages.
        Note: Morrow's previous autobiographical works in¬
        clude: Black Man in the White House: A Diary of the
        Eisenhower Years by the Administrative Officer for
        Special Projects, The White House, 1955-1961. New
        York: McFadden-Bartell, 1963. And Way Down South
        Up North. Philadelphia: United Church Press, 1973.
         ISBN: 0829802460.
        Morrow graduated from college in 1930 and went on to
        be the first African American in almost every position
        he held. He describes with painful detail the condi¬
        tions for African Americans in the segregated army of
        World War II: the poor conditions, lack of services, of¬
        ficers who had failed in their positions with white
        troops and so were miserably unqualified to work with
        often demoralized black troops, inadequate diet, and
        finally, boot camps located in the Jim Crow South,
        which meant no services in or out of the camp. Mor¬
        row gives an account of his fight to get into Officer
        Training School (OTS) after being told that he, the only
        college graduate in his group of test takers, had failed
                     The Bibliography                                 151



        the IQ test. Morrow finally gained admittance to OTS
        and finished his four years in the army as a major, but
        faced constant harassment, sabotage, and both direct
        and subtle racism throughout his tour of duty. The
        major part of this work is devoted to Morrow's work
        in two Eisenhower administrations. Here, too, he was
        the first African American to fill a position—this time
        in an executive post on a presidential staff—and he
        was again forced to assert his authority, demanding the
        same respect and treatment afforded others in similar
        positions. Because he was an advisor to the president.
        Morrow was called upon by leaders within the black
        community to convince Eisenhower to intercede in
        the growing violence directed at African Americans in
        the South related to the desegregation of schools, pub¬
        lic transportation, and public accommodations. Mor¬
        row made repeated efforts in this direction, but the
        blame for Eisenhower's reluctance to get involved in
        this issue fell upon Morrow. Morrow spent his final
        years as a vice president with Bank of America, again
        the first African American to hold such a position, and
        had, once more, to fight prejudice, stereotypes, harass¬
        ment, jealousy, and ignorance to succeed. He writes
        that he began to tire of the daily battle and found that,
        for the first time, he did not have the energy to fight
        back:
           Why have I stayed? Where could one go that would be bet¬
           ter at this late day [referring to his age]? Frankly, I re¬
           mained hopeful that there would be a change. And remain¬
           ing had a certain nuisance value. Besides, as a pioneer in a
           field that had just opened to Blacks, I had to remember that
           pioneers seldom achieve the ultimate, but they do carve a
           path that marks the way for those who follow, (p. 6-7)


                              Moving Mountains One Stone
306. Moseley, Margaret (1901-).
        at a Time: Memoirs of Margaret Moseley. Written
        with Berry Shea and Judith Barnet. Massachusetts: M.
        Moseley, 1993. ISBN: none. 45 pages; photographs.
        Margaret Moseley, born in 1901, grew up in Mas¬
        sachusetts. She describes how she learned to cope with
        the racial discrimination which seemed to intensify as
        she grew older. Upon finishing high school, she at¬
        tempted to enter a nurses training program. Despite
152     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



        her good academic record, Moseley was not admitted
        to any of the programs located in the Boston area, all of
        which were run by hospitals. She received a similar
        response from prospective employers in other fields as
        well, and ran into more discrimination when looking
        for housing. Shortly after finding a decent house for
        her family to live in, a new landlord evicted her, and it
        was weeks before she was able to find alternative ac¬
        commodations. These years of receiving such treat¬
        ment based solely on skin color motivated Moseley to
        dedicate her time to improved housing conditions and
        equal job opportunities, both locally in Massachusetts
        and internationally. In this memoir, she describes her
        work with The Women's International League for
        Peace and Freedom (WILPF), the NAACP, and the Fair
        Housing Committee—a group Moseley was partially
        responsible for forming. Through the WILPF, Moseley
        worked for the promotion of the UN's Universal Dec¬
        laration of Human Rights, and went to Selma in 1965
        to assist with the voter registration effort.

 307. Moses, Mary (1827-1939). Mary Moses's Statement. Fair-
        field, Washington: Ye Galleon Press, 1988.    ISBN:
        none. 70 pages; maps; photographs.
        This brief statement was recorded by historian
        William Compton Brown. It first appeared in the
        Spokane Spokesman-Review in 1939. In this state¬
        ment, Moses gives an account of her family including
        brief details of who they were and how they died. She
        also describes the injustices of a treaty instigated by
        Governor Stevens in 1855. The treaty affected the lives
        of thousands of Native Americans and many tribes
        which acknowledged many different chiefs, yet it con¬
        tained only 14 signatures, and they were, according to
        Moses, the signatures of tribal members of "no appar¬
        ent standing" (p. 11). Mary Moses provides a glimpse
        into the hostilities that existed among tribes and be¬
        tween tribes and the U.S. Government.

 308. Mountain, Simeon (1932-). Simeon Mountain, Nulato.
        Interviews conducted and text prepared by Yvonne
        Yarber and Curt Madison. Yukon-Koyukuk School
                   The Bibliography                           153



       District Biography Series. Fairbanks: Spirit Mountain
       Press, 1983. ISBN: 0910871051. 80 pages; photographs;
       maps.
       Note: Produced by Yukon-Koyukuk School District of
       Alaska.
       Simeon Mountain writes about his family, hunting
       and fishing, and the reinstitution of the ceremonial
       Stickdance. He tells stories of the hostilities that often
       erupted in war between neighboring villages, as told to
       him by his grandfather. Mountain describes some of
       the changes that have taken place which have im¬
       proved daily life in his small town of Nulato, his
       struggle with alcoholism which he finally overcame
       after a serious accident, his work as a Postmaster, his
       travels to Rome and Japan, and his desire for his chil¬
       dren to attend college.
       For a brief description and list of autobiographies in
       this Yukon-Koyukuk School District series, see the en¬
       try for Moses Henzie.

309. Mourning Dove.
       See Hum-ishu-Ma.

310. Mura, David.   Turning Japanese: Memoirs of a Sansei.
       New York: Atlantic Monthly Press, 1991.      ISBN:
       0871134314. 376 pages.
       Note: Also published New York: Anchor Books, 1992.
       ISBN: 0385423446.
       Although these memoirs are about his experiences in
       Japan, Mura devotes significant space to reviewing his
       childhood and college years, especially with regard to
       his relationships with his parents, and his wife Susie,
       who is white. While in Japan, Mura studied tradi¬
       tional and avant-garde Japanese art forms, wrote, took
       part in political activities, and became a part of a close
       circle of friends who were artistically and politically ac¬
       tive. Mura discovered that, despite the many aspects
       of life in the United States which disturb him or cause
       him to feel out of place, and the ethnocentric attitudes
       of many white Americans, he was American and not
       Japanese:
154        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



              Japan helped me balance a conversation which had been
              taking place before I was born, a conversation in my grand¬
              parents' heads, in my parents' heads, which, by my genera¬
              tion, had become very one-sided, so that the Japanese was
              virtually silenced. My stay helped me realize that a bal¬
              ance, which probably never existed in the first place, could
              no longer be maintained. ... I could have lived there a few
              more years if I had had the money and time, but eventually
              I would have left. (p. 370)


 311. Murray, Pauli (1910-1985). Proud Shoes: The Story of an
        American Family. New York: Harper & Row, 1987.
        ISBN: 0060131098:0060906170. 280 pages; photographs.
        Note: Originally published New York: Harper, 1956.
           See annotation for Song in a Aleary Throat below.

 312. —.    Song in a Weary Throat: An American Pilgrimage.
           New York: Harper & Row, 1987. ISBN: 0060157046.
           451 pages; photographs.
           Note: Also published as Pauli Murray: The Autobiog¬
           raphy of a Black Activist, Feminist, Laivyer, Priest, and
           Poet. Knoxville: University of Tennessee Press, 1987,
           1989. ISBN: 0870495968.
           Murray's first memoir. Proud Shoes: The Story of an
           American Family (1956, reissued 1978 with a new in¬
           troduction by the author), was also a family history
           which she wrote specifically for her nieces and
           nephews. Her accounts of her predecessors are based
           on the stories told to her as a child. Her portraits of
           her immediate family are based on her own childhood
           memories.    Song in a Weary Throat was published
           posthumously. In this work, Murray describes the
           premature deaths of both her mother and father, and
           her life from that point on living with her Aunt
           Pauline. She recounts many painful racial incidents
           and her personal efforts to confront discrimination,
           including her unsuccessful attempt to enroll in the
           graduate school at the University of North Carolina.
           Murray came of age during the depression, and strug¬
           gled financially through college and was faced with a
           bleak employment prospect, along with everyone else,
           at the time of her graduation. Despite her many emo¬
           tional and economic hardships, Murray pursued sev-
                    The Bibliography                          155



        eral successful careers: as a lawyer, as a college profes¬
        sor in Ghana and in the United States, as a politician,
        and as one of the first ordained female Episcopal
        Priests. Murray was also one of the creative forces be¬
        hind the founding of NOW (National Organization
        for Women).

313. Nash, Armelia. Armelia: How 1 Crossed the Tracks.      N.p.:
       n.p., 1989. ISBN: none. 52 pages; photographs.
        Armelia Nash credits her father and grandfather for
        her strong self-esteem and her determination. Con¬
        fronted with many obstacles throughout her adult life,
        she describes how she was able to raise her children
        alone without losing faith or hope, and without rely¬
        ing on public assistance. Nash provides an account of
        some of the misfortunes she has encountered through
        her unique life, and how she survived and sur¬
        mounted them.

314. Neakok, Sadie Brower (1916-). Sadie Brower Neakok, an
       Ihupiaq Woman. Recorded and edited by Margaret
       Blackman. Seattle: University of Washington Press,
       1989. ISBN: 0295971800. 274 pages; photographs.
       Sadie Neakok was born to a white father and an
       Inupiaq, or Eskimo, mother in Barrow, Alaska. She
       had some idea of western culture, although raised by
       her native mother, because of her father's influence
       and a western-style education. When her father took
       her to San Francisco to attend high school, however,
       Neakok was completely overwhelmed.        While she
       quickly developed a taste for candy and other sweets,
       Neakok found the concept of fashion perplexing. A
       snowless winter and continual alternation between
       night and day caused Neakok some disorientation as
       well. She was homesick her entire four years in San
       Francisco. Neakok returned to Barrow, where she
       eventually married an Eskimo who had been raised in
       the traditional manner and was a subsistence hunter
       and fisherman. Neakok began to relearn some of what
       she had forgotten, and much that she had never
       known. She describes her sense of exhilaration in re-
156       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



          turning to this more traditional life style. Neakok also
          had a brief teaching career and was the federal magis¬
          trate for her area for many years. She gives an account
          of her work as magistrate, describes many cases, and
          demonstrates the unique qualities she brought to this
          position. Blackman, the editor, intersperses her own
          commentary with excerpts from previously published
          ethnographies and from the autobiography of
          Neakok's father, Charles Brower, throughout this text.

 315. Nelson, Jill.   Volunteer Slavery: My Authentic Negro Ex¬
         perience. Chicago: The Noble Press, Inc., 1993. ISBN:
          1879360241. 243 pages.
          Nelson, a freelance magazine writer, decides to take a
          stab at high pay and prestige at the Washington Post.
          Her book chronicles her experiences with the Post
          from her interview with management, through her
          brush with alcoholism, to her final departure, com¬
          pletely sober, four and one-half years later. Nelson
          writes about many of her experiences with humorous
          hindsight, but there are some tragic episodes from her
          professional and personal life that hindsight cannot
          soften.

 316. Nelson, Rachel West.
         See Webb, Sheyann.

 317. Newby, Elizabeth Loza. A Migrant With Hope. Rich¬
        mond, Indiana: Friends United Press, 1992.    ISBN:
        0805472185. 140 pages.
        Note: Also published Kansas City: Beacon Hill, 1981;
        Nashville: Broadman Press, 1977.
          Newby writes about her life as the daughter of migrant
          farm workers. The family's home was in the back of a
          truck until she was 13. Central to her story is her
          struggle to complete her education against the wishes
          of her father.

 318. Newkirk, Gregory. Frog Town. New York: Vantage Press,
        1981. ISBN: 0533039444. 30 pages.
          Newkirk moved from Newark, New Jersey, to Savan-
                       The Bibliography                       157



         nah, Georgia, with his sister after their mother's death.
         Their stay in Savannah was a time of increased white
         violence against the African American community,
         but also a time of change brought about by the Civil
         Rights Movement. Newkirk describes some of these
         events in the African American community during
         these Savannah years, as well as some of the emo¬
         tional upheavals of his childhood.

319. Niatum, Duane (1938-). "Autobiographical Sketch." I Tell
         You Now: Autobiographical Essays by Native Ameri¬
         can Writers. Ed. Brian Swann and Arnold Krupat.
         Lincoln: University of Nebraska Press, 1987.       ISBN:
         0803227140.
         See entry under Swann, Brian for a complete list of au¬
         thors included in this anthology.

320. Nictune, Oscar (1901-). Oscar Nictune, Sr., Alatna. Inter¬
        views conducted and text prepared by Curt Madison
        and Yvonne Yarber. Alaska Series. Surrey, British
        Columbia: Hancock House, 1980. ISBN: 0888390629. 80
        pages; photographs; maps.
        Note: Produced by Yukon-Koyukuk School District of
        Alaska.
         A storyteller, Nictune tells about his parents, and
         about hunting, fishing, and trapping in and around
         the Eskimo village of Alatna on the Arctic Circle. His
         wife died giving birth to their ninth child, so Nictune
         raised his family alone, never taking any public relief.
         He had a bout with tuberculosis, but was lucky enough
         to recover completely.
         For a brief description and list of autobiographies in
         this Yukon-Koyukuk School District series, see the en¬
         try for Moses Henzie.

321. Njeri, Itabari.Every Good-bye Ain't Gone: Family Por¬
         traits and Personal Escapades. New York: Times
        Books, 1990. ISBN: 0812918053. 246 pages.
        Note: Also published New York: Vintage Books, 1991.
        ISBN: 067973242X.
        Njeri, a journalist, singer, and actress, began writing
158      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         this work intending it to be a novel, but instead ended
         up writing "the literal truth; many might not have be¬
         lieved the portrayals otherwise" (p. 6). She writes
         about members of her family, her grandparents,
         mother, father, aunts, and cousins, and of her own life
         with them and on her own. Njeri writes of their
         achievements and of their despair and tragedies; she
         includes the effects of years of both overt and subtle
         racism. Njeri also describes her coming of age, her
         work with Amiri Baraka and the Congress of Afrikan
         Peoples (CAP) and her work as a journalist.

 322. Noble, Gil. Black is the Color of My TV Tube. Secaucus,
        New Jersey: Lyle Stuart, Inc., 1981. ISBN: 0818402970.
        190 pages; photographs.
        Note: Also published New York: Carol Publishing
        Group, 1990. ISBN: 0818405384.
         In this autobiography, Noble relates the story of his en¬
         trance into television journalism at WABC in New
         York via a small radio station which served a predom¬
         inantly black audience. He provides a summation of
         the history of African Americans in broadcast journal¬
         ism, the current state of broadcasting (as of 1980), and a
         description of his own experiences with radio and
         television. Beginning as a street reporter, Noble even¬
         tually began to host and then produce his own weekly
         program entitled "Like It Is." This program was dedi¬
         cated to presenting programs about African Americans
         and African American culture and issues. Noble de¬
         veloped a number of important documentaries for this
         program, including the Emmy award-winning docu¬
         mentary on Harry Belafonte. Noble discusses the dan¬
         gers and virtues of television, and specifically the im¬
         portance of documentaries to represent under- or mis-
         reported issues, events, and people:
            [T]he documentary is a critically important device for in¬
            forming and shaping minds that have grown flabby through
            watching entertainment-only television programming. ... It
            remains a powerful weapon to change false values, correct
            historical error, and cure the poison prejudice in the minds of
            black and white Americans, (p. 107-108)
         Noble gives numerous examples of misrepresented,
         biased, under-reported, or otherwise inaccurate ac-
                    The Bibliography                          159



        counts of African American individuals, events in the
        African American community, or of cultural impor¬
        tance to African Americans (and thus all Americans).
        He argues for more black journalists and film makers
        and more air time devoted to documentaries.

323. Haa Kusteeyi, Our Culture: Tlingit Life Stories. Ed. Nora
        and Richard Dauenhauer. Classics of Tlingit Oral Lit¬
        erature 3. Seattle: University of Washington Press,
        Sealaska Heritage Foundation, 1994. ISBN: 0295974001:
        029597401X. 888 pages; English and Tlingit; bibliogra¬
        phy; map.

        The editors write that they wish to introduce these
        Tlingit elders to readers outside of their community
        and to the younger generations within the commu¬
        nity, "reminding all audiences, the whole world, how
        wonderful these subjects were and are, and why they
        should be remembered" (p. ix). They add, however,
        that this genre of Tlingit biography or autobiography is
        "un-Tlingit," and that the elders complied "only with
        much cajoling on the part of well-meaning folklorists,
        anthropologists, and oral historians" (p. ix). These life
        histories discuss personal and group identity, political
        fights related to land use, hunting and fishing rights,
        citizenship, the condition of the Tlingit language, the
        role of western religions and schooling, and other
        cultural and family issues. An extensive preface and
        introduction discuss the contents of this work and ex¬
        plain Tlingit social structure and history. The collec¬
        tion is a combination of autobiography and biography.

324. Northway, Walter. Walter Northway. Interviewing and
       editing done by Yvonne Yarber and Curt Madison.
       Fairbanks: Alaska Native Language Center, College of
       Liberal Arts, University of Alaska, 1987.     ISBN:
       1555000304. 53 pages; photographs; maps.
        This book presents Northway's own account of some
        significant events in his life and also recollections
        about him by his granddaughter and daughter. Aged
        111 in 1987 as this book was being completed, North¬
        way talks about his parents, his first encounter with
160     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



        while people, his rite of passage into adulthood, and
        his marriage and children. He also presents stories of a
        variety of hunting, fishing, and trapping experiences.

 325. Nunez, Bonita Wa Wa Calachaw (1888-1972).     Spirit
        Woman: The Diaries and Paintings of Bonita Wa Wa
        Calachaw Nunez. Ed. Stan Steiner. San Francisco:
        Harper & Row, 1980. ISBN: 0064519759. 243 pages; il¬
        lustrations; photographs.
        This book contains excerpts from Nunez's diaries and
        reproductions of her paintings. From early childhood,
        Nunez showed signs of remarkable talents, which, to¬
        gether with her upbringing, allowed her to lead an
        unusual life. Taken from her mother at birth, Nunez
        was raised by a white woman, Mary Duggan, and her
        brother, Dr. Cornelius Duggan. According to her        di¬
        aries, Nunez grew up in an extremely loving and so¬
        cially-enlightened atmosphere, and she, in turn, re¬
        spected and loved her adoptive parents. However, de¬
        spite the closeness of her adoptive family, she did feel
        the great loss of her birth mother and was saddened by
        the knowledge of the poverty which caused her birth
        mother to give her away. Nunez, from an early age,
        was aware of the plight of Native Americans in the
        white world and dedicated her life to working for Na¬
        tive rights. She writes, "We no longer will accept laws
        that say: You are not Human! We know understand¬
        ing is one of the most powerful Natural laws. The
        agony of the color of a Man will pass. . . . Our textbooks
        will no longer ridicule skin color" (p. 229).

 326. Oda, Patsy. Heart's Desire. Wheaton, Illinois: Living
        Books, 1987. ISBN: 0842313133. 136 pages.
        Patsy Oda was converted from Buddhism to Christian¬
        ity at the age of 8. Despite her families strong connec¬
        tion to Buddhism, Oda remained a devout Christian.
        In this book she tells the story of her desire for a Chris¬
        tian Japanese American husband who would come to
        her through God's power, and how this actually came
        to pass.
                    The Bibliography                        161



327. Oishi, Gene (1933-). In Search of Hiroshi. Rutland, Ver¬
        mont: E. Tuttle Co., 1988. ISBN: 080481533X. 190 pages.
        Gene Oishi writes of the psychological trauma which
        he and other Nisei suffered because of their experi¬
        ences of evacuation and internment during World
        War II. This book is part of an ongoing attempt by
        Oishi to rediscover the person he was before running
        up against the virulent anti-Japanese sentiments of the
        time leading up to and following the bombing of Pearl
        Harbor.

328. Oral Histories of African Americans.      Interviews con¬
        ducted by Kathryn Waddell Takara. Honolulu: The
        Center, 1990. ISBN: none. 406 pages; photographs.
        Note: University of Hawaii at Manoa. Social Science
        Research Institute. Oral History Program.
        Takara, a native of Tuskegee, Alabama, and a resident
        of Hawaii since 1968, has focused her academic work
        on African Americans in Hawaii. For this publication,
        Takara interviewed ten individuals, nine of whom
        gave their permission for the interviews to be pub¬
        lished. Interviewees each edited their own transcripts,
       making corrections, additions, and deletions. The in¬
       terviews cover the topics of childhood, family life and
       parental influences, education and employment, dis¬
       crimination, segregation, social and cultural life in
       African American communities, politics, World War
       II, and life in Hawaii. The ages of the interviewees
       range from fifty-seven to eighty. All of the subjects
       were born on the mainland, and most in the South.
       Several of them have led particularly notable lives:
       Gladys Crampton was among the first Black models in
       the United States, William Henry Waddell formed the
       School of Veterinary Medicine at the Tuskegee Insti¬
       tute, and Howard Eugene Johnson was a dancer at the
       Cotton Club and an organizer for the Communist
       Party in its early years. Other individuals interviewed
       are Walter J. Alexander, Alexander Lewis, Lucille
       Maloney, Ulysses C. ’Mushy" Robinson, Bertha Elliott
       Dunson, and Ernest LeFaris Golden.
162      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



 329. Ortiz, Simon J. (1941-). "The Language We Know." I Tell
         You Now: Autobiographical Essays by Native Ameri¬
         can Writers. Ed. Brian Swann and Arnold Krupat.
         Lincoln: University of Nebraska Press, 1987.        ISBN:
         0803227140.
         See entry under Swann, Brian for a complete list of au¬
         thors included in this anthology.

 330. Ortiz Cofer, Judith. Silent Dancing: A Partial Remem¬
         brance of a Puerto Rican Childhood. Houston: Arte
         Publico Press, 1990. ISBN: 1558850155. 158 pages.
         Note: 2nd edition published 1991.
         Ortiz Cofer looks to Virginia Woolf's work Moments
         of Being (New York: Harcourt Brace Jovanovich, cl976)
         as a model and inspiration for her own autobiographi¬
         cal work. She writes that she "wanted the essays to be,
         not just family history, but also creative explorations of
         known territory ... a meditation on past events" (p.
         12). However, in these essays, Ortiz Cofer does describe
         her family—her grandparents, parents, aunts, and un¬
         cles—and compares and contrasts life for a young girl
         in New York and in Puerto Rico. She has an unusual
         perspective on life as an immigrant because of her fre¬
         quent travels, back and forth, between her native land
         and her adopted country. Her mother never adjusted
         to life in New York and was always longing to return
         to her home and family in Puerto Rico. About her fa¬
         ther, Ortiz Cofer writes: "He was a sensitive, intellec¬
         tual man whose energies had to be entirely devoted to
         survival. And that is how many minds are wasted in
         the travails of immigrant life" (p. 123).

 331. Our  Stories, Our Lives: A Collection of Twenty-three
         Transcribed Interviews With Elders of the Cook Inlet
         Region. Transcribed and edited by A. J. McClanahan.
         Anchorage: CIRI Foundation, 1986.      ISBN: 0938227017.
         245 pages; maps.
         Interviews for this collection were taped in sessions
         ranging from three to five hours in length. The histo¬
         ries were guided by questions asked by the editor, who
         made the final decisions on what was included in the
                     The Bibliography                          163



        book and how each narrative was arranged.           The
        shareholders of the Cook Inlet Region, Inc., have mi¬
        grated from areas all over Alaska, and the inter¬
        viewees were selected so that all the major Native
        groups of Alaska would be represented. Participants
        had to be at least 55 years old. McClanahan writes that
        though many of the shareholders were reticent about
        discussing their private lives, they "agreed to par¬
        ticipate because of their desire to communicate a bit
        of their view of the world to young people" (Preface, p.



332. Padilla, Felix M.
        See Santiago, Lourdes.

333. Pai, Margaret K. (1914-). The Dreams of Two Yi-Min.
        Honolulu: University of Hawaii Press, 1989. ISBN:
        0824811798. 200 pages; photographs.
         Pai writes that her book is about the "day-to-day activi¬
         ties of our family and the families we knew—from
         1914, when I was born, through the great depression.
         World War II, and the postwar years, to the middle of
         this century" (p. x). Pai was born in Hawaii to parents
        who were recent immigrants, or Yi-Min, from Korea.
        Pai's father was an inventor/designer. He started up
        an upholstery and bamboo drapery factory with which
        the entire family of six was involved. Pai includes
        generous detail about the food, clothing, and customs
        of both Koreans and Korean Americans in Hawaii.
        She portrays the difficulty first generation children had
        trying to honor and please their parents, while at the
        same time attempting to realize their own dreams and
        hopes. The book also includes a depiction of three
        years Pai and her mother spent in Korea when her
        mother returned with her to participate in the March
        1st, 1919, demonstration staged to protest Japanese
        Imperialism in Korea (see also Man Sei! by Peter
        Hyun).

334. Pale Moon, Princess. Pale Moon: The Story of an Indian
        Princess. Falls Church, Virginia: American Indian
        Heritage Foundation, 1982. ISBN: none. 106 pages.
164     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



        Originally published Wheaton, Illinois:         Tyndale
        House Publishers, 1975. ISBN: 0842348786.

 335. Paquin, Ron.Not First in Nobody's Heart: The Life Story
        of a Contemporary Chippewa. Written with Robert
         Doherty. Ames: Iowa State University Press, 1992.
         ISBN: 0813818370:0813838362. 259 pages; photographs.
         A victim of emotional and physical neglect, and sexual
         and physical abuse at home and at school, Paquin's life
         has been a long struggle. Responding to a childhood of
         abuse, Paquin, who was homeless for most of his teen
         years, resorted to alcoholism and violence as a means
         of survival. After spending time in reform school,
         prison, and a mental institution, he was fortunate in
         meeting a woman who cared about him and was able
         to motivate him to give up drinking and renounce his
         violent tendencies.    Although he and this woman,
         who became his wife, struggled financially, they were
         supportive of each other and good parents to their son,
         an only child. As a commercial fisherman in Michi¬
         gan, Paquin was involved in the fight for Native treaty
         rights with regard to fishing. This book documents
         some of the legal battles waged by Native groups in
         Michigan against the state and sport fishermen, and
         the suffering caused by the state's gradual closing of
         lakes to commercial gill net fishing.

 336. Park, Lanhei Kim (Mrs. No-Young Park). Facing Four
         Ways. Ed. Chinn Callan. Oceanside, California:
         Orchid Park Press (Xerox Reproduction Center), 1984.
         ISBN: none. 358 pages; photographs; maps.
         Lanhei Kim Park presents a detailed account of her life
         from her earliest years in Korea as a member of a polit¬
         ically influential and intellectually accomplished fam¬
         ily, to her adult life in the United States married to
         Korean author and lecturer No-Young Park.            She
         writes of her youth spent in exile in Manchuria be¬
         cause of her parents' involvement in the Korean In¬
         dependence Movement, her return to Korea and sub¬
         sequent imprisonment and torture at the hands of the
         Japanese police, and then, incredibly, two fruitful years
                        The Bibliography                               165



          of study in Japan. Upon her return to Korea and
          graduation from Ewha College, Park set sail for the
          United States to continue her education, becoming a
          citizen in 1953 after the U.S. immigration laws
          changed to allow Asians to become naturalized citi¬
          zens. She writes in her preface,
              I have lived in Korea, China, and Japan, always intimately
              with the native people, as a student and as a happy youth
              learning their culture and forming close friendships among
              them. Now I live with Americans as an American citizen
             myself. I have written this memoir to remember all the ex¬
             periences I had with my dear friends of four nations. It is my
             wish that this book will help young readers find successful
             lives in their futures.
          Park is an accomplished artist and the author of The
          Heavenly Pomegranate (1973), the retelling of a
          Korean folk tale.

337. Parks, Gordon (1912-). A Choice of Weapons. St. Paul:
        Minnesota Historical Society Press, 1986.     ISBN-
        0873512022. 274 pages.
        New preface by the author.
        Originally published New York: Harper & Row, 1966.

338. —.    Voices in the Mirror: An Autobiography. New York:
          Doubleday, 1990. ISBN: 0385266987. 351 pages; photo¬
          graphs.
          Note: Also published New York: Anchor Books, 1992.
          ISBN: 0385266995.

          A photographer, writer, composer, and film director,
          Parks writes that the energy he might have channeled
          into anger he instead put into proving that the racists
          who viewed him as inferior were wrong. Parks spent
          his childhood in Fort Scott, Kansas, a strictly segregated
          community, where he faced "the daily anguish of
          racism" (p. 5). He describes his struggles to support
          himself from the time he was in his early teens—try-
          ing to work and attend high school simultaneously.
          After a number of different work experiences. Parks
          became a successful photographer and was the first
          black photographer to work for Vogue, Glamour, and
          Life. Parks also writes about his marriages, his chil¬
          dren, and his grandchildren.
166      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



 339. Parks, Rosa. Quiet Strength: The Faith, the Hope, and the
         Heart of a Woman Who Changed a Nation. Written
         with Gregory J. Reed. Grand Rapids, Michigan: Zon-
         dervan Publishing House, 1994. ISBN: 0310501504. 93
         pages; photographs.
         In this short book. Parks presents brief inspirational
         vignettes using her civil rights work, work with young
         African Americans, and her Christian faith as a con¬
         text. Her vignettes address the following themes: fear,
         defiance, injustice, pain, character, role models, faith,
         values, quiet strength, determination, youth, and the
         future.

 340. Parks, Rosa (1913-). Rosa Parks: My Story. Written with
         Jim Haskins. New York: Dial Books, 1992. ISBN:
         0803706731:0803706758. 192 pages; photographs.
         Note: Also published by New York: Scholastic Books,
         1994. ISBN: 0590465384.
         The popular legend concerning Rosa Parks is that she
         inadvertently provided the fuel that began the Civil
         Rights Movement simply because she had had a long
         day, and thus refused to stand when the Montgomery
         bus driver ordered her to do so. Although Parks' deci¬
         sion to refuse to relinquish her seat may have been
         spontaneous and without motive, she knew exactly
         what the consequences of her action would be:
            People always say that I didn't give up my seat because I
            was tired, but that isn't true. I was not tired physically, or
            no more tired than I usually was at the end of a working day.
            I was not old, although some people have an image of me as
            being old then. I was forty-two. No, the only tired I was,
            was tired of giving in. (p. 106)
         Parks was brought up in a politically aware family, and
         married a politically active man, Raymond Parks.
         Even before her controversial action, she was deeply
         committed to change and had been working with the
         NAACP, which had been looking for a test case on bus
         segregation. She documents the work that had been
         done by the NAACP and other groups specifically on
         the issue of busing, and she points out that she was
         one in a long line of those arrested for refusing to co¬
         operate with the daily humiliation of bus segregation.
                      The Bibliography                                 167



        Parks provides a summation of the work for civil
        rights that had begun long before the bus boycott be¬
        gan, including the work of her husband and others
        around the nation to defend the Scottsboro Boys (nine
        black men arbitrarily arrested and charged with rape),
        the fight to increase registration of African American
        voters, and a variety of issues concerning public trans¬
        portation and public accommodations.         Parks also
        writes of her acquaintance with several politically ac¬
        tive women, Septima Clark, Jo Ann Robinson, and
        Virginia Durr. She met Clark at the Highlander Folk
        School, which was originally organized to train labor
        leaders and union organizers, but by the 1950s had
        shifted its focus to the issue of voting rights. About
        her experience at the Highlander Folk School, which
        was eventually forced to close by the State of Ten¬
        nessee, Parks writes:
           I was forty-two years old, and it was one of the few times in
           my life up to that point when I did not feel any hostility
           from white people. I experienced people of different races
           and backgrounds meeting together in workshops and living
           together in peace and harmony. I felt that I could express
           myself honestly without any repercussions or antagonistic
           attitudes from other people. (106-107)


341. Patel, Jayant (1936-). Seeking Home: An Immigrant's Re¬
        alization. Ed. Deborah Pappas. Bayside, New York: J.
        Patel, 1991. ISBN: none. 181 pages.
       Patel, a successful businessman in the United States for
       18 years, writes of his dream to return to his home
       country, India, with his wife and children. They, how¬
       ever, were thoroughly Americanized and had no de¬
       sire to leave the United States. Patel recounts his two
       failed attempts to return to India and set up a business.
       The failures were due to his family's refusal to join
       him, and his own unwillingness to force them to fol¬
       low his wishes or to live apart from them. Patel also
       writes about his devotion to the teachings of Dada
       Bhagwan and includes a transcription of a conversa¬
       tion which illustrates Bhagwan's spiritual beliefs.
168     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



 342. Peay, Mrs. Sadie F. Nick. Memoir, Nurse—Midwife: Mrs.
         Sadie F. Nick Peay. Columbia, South Carolina: n.p.,
         1985. ISBN: none. 72 pages.
         Note: This booklet was conceptualized and compiled
         by Jean S. Hopkins.

 343. Peery, Nelson (1925-).   Black Fire: The Making of an
        American Revolutionary. New York: New Press, 1994.
        ISBN: 1565841581. 340 pages; photographs.
        Peery began this autobiography at the age of 24, just af¬
        ter returning from World War II, but completed it
        close to 50 years later, in his "old age." He focuses on
        his conversion to radical politics, beginning with his
        introduction to the American Communist Party while
        still in high school, and including his experience as an
        African American soldier in a segregated army. Peery
        was strongly motivated to enlist in the armed services
        because of his affinity for Russia and his fear of Hitler
        and what he represented, but he writes that the black
        soldiers "found more and more to fight against and
        less and less to fight for" (p. 152) as they languished in
        their southern boot camps, continually experiencing
        racist attitudes and outright attacks. Peery's wartime
        duty took him to the Philippines, where he became
        involved with the Filipino communists. Although he
        attempted to stay to assist them with their fight, they
        urged him to return to the U.S. to represent their
        cause.

 344. Pemberton, Gayle.   The Hottest Water in Chicago: On
        Family, Race, Time, and American Culture. Boston:
        Faber & Faber, 1992.    ISBN: 0571129366.     266 pages;
        bibliography.
        Note: Also published as The Hottest Water in Chicago:
        Notes of a Native Daughter. New York: Doubleday,
        1993. ISBN: 0385468423.

        Pemberton, a scholar of American Literature, exam¬
        ines her father’s life and motivations while consider¬
        ing various significant periods and events in her own
        life. She had hoped to write her father's story together
        with him, but he died prematurely. The impetus for
                    The Bibliography                         169



        this book, however, was created when she discovered
        three sheets of paper upon which her father had ap¬
        parently begun his autobiography. Pemberton writes
        that her father was a '"race man'—that is, for almost
        all of his adult life he worked for an organization that
        promotes racial equality” (p. 3). Pemberton describes
        her father's work with the Urban League, and her own
        personal fight to withstand racism and discrimination.
        As a school girl, she was involved in the early years of
        public school desegregation following the Brown vs.
        Topeka Board of Education decision, and continued to
        break the color line as a graduate student and faculty
        member. Experiencing both racism and sexism, Pem¬
        berton explores how she attempted to cope with con¬
        stant marginalization and stereotyping.

345. Perez, Ramon (Tianguis).   Diary of an Undocumented
        Immigrant/Diario de Un Mojado. Translated by Dick
        J. Reavis.   Houston: Arte Publico Press.        ISBN-
        1558850325. 237 pages.

        Perez describes the means and perils of getting across
        the border to El Norte, and the precariousness of exis¬
        tence once the other side is safely reached. He details
        his efforts to find employment, the variety of jobs he
        held, the people he associated with, the immigrant cul¬
        ture, and the reasons for his return to Mexico.

346. Peter, Katherine (1918-).   Neets'aii Gwiindaii,/Living in
        the Chandalar Country. Ed. Mary Jane McGary.  Fair¬
        banks: Alaska Native Language Center, University of
        Alaska, 1992.  ISBN: 0933769113.  108 pages; pho¬
        tographs.
        Note: Written in English and Gwich'in.
       Peter was born into a Koyukon Athapascan-speaking
       family but was raised speaking the Gwich'in (or
       Kutchin) Athapascan dialect, which became her first
       language. Peter has become a leading figure in the
       teaching of Gwich'in and has been responsible for the
       transcription of thousands of pages of stories from
       tape; she has written over fifty schoolbooks in
       Gwich'in and has been a major contributor to the
170        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



           Gwich'in dictionary. She has also taught university
           courses in Gwich'in. This book is the first extended
           narrative written in Gwich'in. Peter prepared the En¬
           glish translation, which was edited for publication by
           Mary Jane McGary. The narrative covers the years
           1937-1947.

 347. Peters, James S. (1917-).  The Epic of a Proud Black Family:
           An Allegorical History. San Francisco: International
           Scholars Publications, 1994.   ISBN: 080593474X.   Bibli¬
           ography.

 348. —.    The Memoirs of a Black Southern-New Englander.
           Pittsburgh: Dorrance Publishing Co., 1994.         ISBN:
           080593474X. 166 pages.
           Born in Ashdown, Arkansas, Peters made his way to
           Connecticut by way of Louisiana, Chicago, and Mass¬
           achusetts. In this autobiography, Peters chronicles his
           education, and related activities. He received degrees
           from Southern University in Louisiana, Hartford
           Seminary in Connecticut, the University of Chicago,
           and Purdue University. Both he and his wife Marie
           earned doctoral degrees. Peters was a pacifist during
           World War II, but enlisted in the Navy where he be¬
           came a Specialist Teacher, First Class. He describes dis¬
           crimination in the Navy, in university program ad¬
           missions at the University of Chicago, and in housing
           opportunities in Massachusetts and Connecticut. He
           also acknowledges those individuals who countered
           the trend of racism, helping to open doors both in the
           South and in the North.

 349. Phan, Vinh Trung.       Tren Tam Muoi Nam Tai The
           Gian/Over Eighty Years on This Earth. Translated by
           Clara Phan Knudson. San Jose, California: The Au¬
           thor, 1994. ISBN: none. 234 pages; photographs by
           James A. Smestad; reproductions of the author's water
           colors in color and black-and-white.
           Trung Vinh Phan gives an account of his life in Viet¬
           nam from his birth in 1912 to his departure in 1975,
           days before the North Vietnamese entered Saigon.
                    The Bibliography                         171



        While discussing his education and career as an archi¬
        tect and engineer, he depicts a beautiful and peaceful
        Vietnam, but also describes the many political changes
        which he experienced, including life under French
        rule, the Japanese occupation and Allied bombing dur¬
        ing World War II, the Viet Minh revolution that
        erupted with the end of World War II, and the events
        leading up to the fall of Saigon. His paintings, many of
        which are reproduced in this publication, represent his
        memories of a rural Vietnam untouched by war. One
        painting has the caption "I am reminiscing about the
        region of Central Vietnam, which is formerly a region
        of peace and tranquillity" (p. 150).

350. Piper, Aurelius (1916-). A Quarter-Acre of Heartache. As
        told to Claude Clayton Smith. Blacksburg, Virginia:
        Pocahontas Press, 1985. ISBN: 0936015012:0936015004.
        168 pages; photographs; maps.

        Smith writes "I have chosen to write in the first per¬
        son, in the voice of Chief Big Eagle as I have come to
        know it, to let the Chief speak for himself" (p. xiii).
        His text is based on Piper's tape-recorded accounts, and
        so this book is apparently something of a cross between
       biography and autobiography. How much of the text
       is actually in Piper's own words is unclear. In 1976,
       Piper, who had attempted to live a traditional lifestyle
       in the forests of Maine, returned to his reservation in
       Connecticut, the quarter-acre Golden Hill Reservation
       of the Paugussett Indians, to help protect the land from
       state and private interests. Piper describes the events
       of the battle he waged. After the victory, he partici¬
       pated in the creation of a cultural museum built on
       the quarter-acre.

351. Pittmon, Woodrow K. (1924-). To Be a Man. New York:
         Vantage Press, 1992. ISBN: 0533101077. 103 pages.
       Pittmon presents this story of his life with the hopes
       that he will convince young girls and boys living in
       urban or rural poverty that their futures are not hope¬
       less. He was born, the youngest of a large family, in
       rural Georgia, where he picked cotton at the age of
172     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



        three, chopped wood at six, and was plowing at seven.
        His opportunities for advancement were limited.
        Schooling past the seventh grade was hard to come by,
        and there were no schools for black children in his
        own or nearby communities. Pittmon's determina¬
        tion, his abilities and intelligence, and the concern
        others had for his welfare, helped him to surmount
        the obstacles of location and tuition to continue his
        education at a private high school 150 miles from his
        home.    Pittmon continued his education at More¬
        house College, and the New School for Social Re¬
        search, and then finally decided to study drafting. He
        never completed a degree, but obtained an education
        and found meaningful employment for himself. After
        moving to New York, Pittmon moved into the "900
        block" in Brooklyn. He describes the area, its residents,
        and his own activities during the time he lived there,
        including the details of his career as the first black em¬
        ployee at the Liquidometer Corporation. Pittmon dis¬
        cusses his feelings about the Civil Rights Movement,
        and the turmoil of the decades of the 50s and 60s. Hav¬
        ing grown up in a single-parent household, and hav¬
        ing himself raised his two daughters alone following
        his divorce, Pittmon is sensitive to the difficulties cre¬
        ated for children who lack adult role models, especially
        male role models. He concludes his work with an in¬
        spirational chapter especially addressed to young boys,
        encouraging them to keep their goals in sight, and to
        decide to survive no matter how hostile their envi¬
        ronment.

 352. Ponce, Mary Helen. Hoyt Street: An Autobiography. Al¬
         buquerque: University of New Mexico Press, 1993.
         ISBN: 0826314465. 338 pages.
        Ponce refers to her work as both a life history and a
        communal history. She provides character sketches
        and a detailed account of the day-to-day lives of her
        family and neighbors, relying almost entirely upon her
        memory and some minimal input from her siblings.
        She also gives a careful description of Pacoima, her
        home-town, which is to the northeast of Los Angeles.
        Ponce describes some of the religious holidays and fes-
                     The Bibliography                           173



         tivals celebrated in the Mexican Catholic church and
         their significance to herself and to the community.
        Community members were viewed by outsiders as
        poor and lacking in good hygiene. Ponce remembers
        being confused by this attitude when confronted by it
        at school: "We Mexican Americans . . . had so many
        things wrong with us that I wondered why it was we
        were happy. I, for one, lived in a loving home, did
        well in school, played 'kick the can’ in the street, en¬
        joyed the church bazaars, and loved catechism; I lived
        what I felt was a good life. We felt content. . ." (p. 122).
        In fact, it was this sense of confusion, caused by the dis¬
        crepancy between how she felt about her life and how
        institutional authorities viewed it, which motivated
        Ponce to write this book.

353. Pryor, Rayford V. A Tough Row to Hoe.       Huntington,
        West Virginia (59 Oak Lane, Spring Valley 25704):
        Aegina Press, 1988. ISBN: 0916383490. 184 pages; pho¬
        tographs.

         In his book, Pryor presents the history of his family,
         describing the Great Depression, how his grandparents
        managed to survive after losing everything, his par¬
        ents' courtship and marriage, and his own childhood,
        term in the Navy, and career with the United States
        Postal Service. Pryor writes that when he joined the
        Navy, he began "a lifelong education of segregation,
        separation, discrimination, racism, integration, and all
        the social and economic barriers that existed in varying
        degrees throughout the United States and the military
        installations" (p. 60). As a supervisor with the U.S.
        Postal Service, Pryor filed discrimination complaints
        with the EEOC and attempted to change its practice of
        inequitable pay and promotion opportunities for
        African Americans.

354. Puckett, Kirby. I Love This Game: My Life and Baseball.
        New York: Harper Collins, 1993. ISBN: 0060177101.
        289 pages; photographs.
        Note: Also published New York: Harper Paperbacks,
        1994. ISBN: 006109210X.
174      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         Puckett writes about his career in baseball, beginning
         with a full scholarship to Bradley University, signing
         with the Twins as a minor league player, and joining
         the Twin's major league team. Puckett's upbeat story
         includes a description of the events surrounding the
         arrival of his and his wife's first adopted child, Cather¬
         ine; an account of the work that he and his wife partic¬
         ipate in on behalf of children; and the difficulties in¬
         volved in making his final decision to accept another
         five-year contract with the Minnesota Twins.

 355. Quintasket, Christine.
        See Hum-ishu-ma.

 356. Ray, Clarence.Clarence Ray: Black Politics and Gaming in
         Las Vegas, 1920's-1980's. With Helen M. Blue and
         Jamie Coughtry. Reno: University of Nevada, Oral
         History Program, 1991. ISBN: 1564750027. 109 pages;
         photographs.
         Clarence Ray, of mixed African American and Creek
         heritage, grew up in Oklahoma in the Creek Nation.
         He spent his life as a professional gambler and moved
         to Las Vegas with the intention of making it his career.
         Ray describes his profession and other aspects of his
         life, including his work as a founding member of the
         local chapter of the NAACP.

 357. Redding, J. Saunders (1906-).   A Scholar's Conscience: Se¬
         lected Writings of J. Saunders Redding, 1942-1977. Ed.
         Faith Berry. Lexington: University Press of Kentucky,
         1992. ISBN: 0813117704:0813108063. 238 pages; bibliog¬
         raphy.

         J. Saunders Redding, a novelist, essayist, biographer,
         historian, and critic, was first published toward the end
         of the Harlem Renaissance. He was among the first
         scholars of African American literature, though his
         scholarship and expertise covered the vast area of
         English-language literature.       This collection of his
         writings includes four autobiographical reminiscences,
         two of which are taken from his books No Day of Tri¬
         umph, New York: Harper, 1942, 1968, and On Being
                       The Bibliography                                     175



         Negro in America, Indianapolis: Bobbs-Merrill, 1951-
                   bY Charter Books 1962; Harper and Row,'
         1969. Two complete selections are also included: "A
        Writer's Heritage," first published in Stanton Worm-
        ley and Lewis Fenderson, eds. Many Shades of Black.
        New York: W. Morrow, 1969; and "My Most Humiliat¬
        ing Jim Crow Experience," which was published in
        Negro^ Digest, Dec. 1944. In his essay, "A Writer's Her¬
        itage, Redding writes about his New England college
        experience:                                           6
           We Negroes were aliens, and we knew it, and the knowl¬
            edge forced us to assume postures of defense and to take on a
            sort of double-consciousness. It was not a matter of real am¬
           bivalence, or a question of identity: we knew who we were,
           but we feared to act ourselves, feared to "act the nigger "
           whatever that meant. ... It was then that I began to write
           out of what I have since called my 'Negroness.' It was all I
           had and all I still have, and all any colored person born
           and reared and schooled in America has to write out of if he
           pretends to honesty. ... To think otherwise is a delusion, to
           feel otherwise is fakery. (p. 18)


358. Redner, Albina. Albina Redner, a Shoshone Life: An Oral
       History. An oral history conducted by Helen M. Blue.
       Reno: University of Nevada-Reno, Oral History
       Program, 1990. ISBN: 1564753468. 150 pages; photo¬
       graphs; maps.
         Albina Redner is from the Western Shoshone tribe of
        Nevada. She writes of life in and around the reserva¬
        tions of Nevada, giving some history and description
        of the reservations in her general region. Besides pro¬
        viding details of her childhood and adult years, Red¬
        ner discusses the Shoshone language, explains some of
        the tribe s traditional foods, and depicts rituals such as
        those followed for childbirth and for a girl's coming of
        age. She emphasizes the importance of language in
       maintaining one's Native identity.          Although her
       mother stressed Redner's mixed ancestry and the mis¬
       ery that her heritage would bring her, Redner writes
       that she always identified herself as Shoshone: "I
       spoke my language and my thoughts were Indian
       thoughts" (p. 6).
176      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



 359. Reed, Cecil (1913-). Fly in the Buttermilk: The Life Story
         of Cecil Reed. Written with Priscilla Donovan. Singu¬
         lar Lives. Iowa City: University of Iowa Press, 1993.
         ISBN: 0877454159:0877454167. 184 pages; photographs.
         Reed describes growing up in an all-white neighbor¬
         hood and attending all-white schools in a small town
         in Iowa, and the difficulties which he and his siblings
         experienced because of their racially isolated situation.
         He then watched as his own children suffered through
         the same experiences. In his youth, Reed learned what
         was happening among blacks elsewhere in the country
         from the African American railroad employees who
         would come through their small town. A successful
         entrepreneur as an adult, Reed gives an account of his
         various commercial and political activities, including
         opening up a motel that served the needs of African
         Americans, and winning a seat in the Iowa State Legis¬
         lature in 1966. While in office, Reed introduced an
         open housing bill which passed unanimously.

 360. Return to Topaz '93: Recollections, Reflections, Remem¬
         brances. Salt Lake City, Utah: Return to Topaz '93 An¬
         thology Committee, 1993. ISBN: none. 52 pages; pho¬
         tographs.
         Note: "War Relocation Authority, Central Utah Pro¬
         ject, 1942-1945."
         This collection contains Nisei and Sansei recollections
         of life in the Topaz (Central Utah) Internment Camp.
         Other essays are provided by Sansei and Yonsei (fourth
         generation Japanese Americans) whose parents or
         grandparents were in the camps. This younger genera¬
         tion presents their reaction to hearing about the camp
         experiences and of attending a 1993 reunion held at
         Topaz.

 361. Revard, Carter (1931-). "Walking Among the Stars." I
         Tell You Now: Autobiographical Essays by Native
        American Writers.     Ed. Brian Swann and Arnold
         Krupat. Lincoln: University of Nebraska Press, 1987.
         ISBN: 0803227140.
                    The Bibliography                         177



        See entry under Swann, Brian for a complete list of au¬
        thors included in this anthology.

362. Rice, Sarah (1909-). He Included Me: The Autobiography
        of Sarah Rice. Transcribed and edited by Louise Hutch¬
        ings Westling. Athens: University of Georgia Press,
        1989. ISBN: 0820311413. 181 pages; photographs.
        Sarah Rice grew up in rural Alabama during the early
        part of the twentieth century. She was the daughter of
        a school teacher and an American Methodist Episcopal
        (A.M.E.) minister. The family also operated a small
        farm. In this oral testimony, Rice provides her family
        history and describes the members of her immediate
        family. She gives an account of what life was like for
        rural children, describes life in a small African Ameri¬
        can community, and comments on her own teaching
        career and marriage. Rice describes her town’s annual
        Emancipation Day celebration which was held on May
        28, because, according to her mother, that is when the
        slaves in that area first learned of their freedom. Rice
        also talks about her work with the Baptist Church and
        expresses her feelings about the status of women in the
        church.

363. Rivera, Edward. Family Installments: Memories of Grow¬
        ing Up Hispanic. New York: W. Morrow, 1982. ISBN:
        0688012310. 300 pages.
        Note: Also published New York: Penguin, 1983. ISBN:
        0140067264.
       Rivera, born in Puerto Rico, writes about his family's
       history on both his mother's and father's side.
       Rivera's father became responsible for his livelihood
       at a young age, and met Rivera's mother when work-
       ing for her father. The family eventually immigrated
       to the United States. Rivera gives a humorous ac¬
       count of the rigors of Catholic School and, more seri¬
       ously, of balancing work and night classes in order to
       get a college degree. He returned to Puerto Rico to at¬
       tend a funeral and sadly noted the many changes that
       had occurred since he was last there.
178      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



 364. Rivera, Vicente L. A Glimpse of My Past and a Look at
         the Future. Detroit: V. L. Rivera, 1984. ISBN: none. 18
         pages.

 365. Roberts, Josephine (1922-). Josephine Roberts, Tanana.
        Interviews conducted and text prepared by Curt Madi¬
        son and Yvonne Yarber. Fairbanks: Spirit Mountain
        Press, 1983. ISBN: 0910871027. 64 pages; photographs.
        Note: Produced by Yukon-Koyukuk School District of
        Alaska.
         Roberts tells of her childhood in Galena and adult
         years as a nurse's assistant in Tanana. As a child,
         Roberts helped her parents with the work at their sea¬
         sonal camps for fishing, trapping, and hunting. She
         describes various activities participated in by children,
         who had little time for actual play. As a nurse's assis¬
         tant at the Tanana Hospital beginning in 1940, Roberts
         learned on the job. Hunting and fishing continued to
         be an important part of her life even while working at
         the hospital. Roberts writes that she is anxious to pass
         on to her grandchildren her language and the tradi¬
         tional knowledge that she herself received from re¬
         spected elders and medicine women.
         For a brief description and list of autobiographies in
         this Yukon-Koyukuk School District series, see the en¬
         try for Moses Henzie.

 366. Robeson, Paul Leroy (1898-1976). Here I Stand. Boston:
        Beacon Press, 1988. ISBN: 0807064386:0807064459. 121
        pages.
         Originally published New York: Othello Associates,
         1958.

367. Robinson, Amelia Boynton (1911-). Bridge Across Jordan.
       Rev. ed. Washington, D.C.: Schiller Institute, 1991.
       ISBN: 0962109541. 414 pages; photographs.
         Amelia Robinson revised this book, originally pub¬
         lished in 1979, to reflect her participation in the
         Schiller Institute founded by Lyndon LaRouche and
         his wife, Helga Zapp-LaRouche. Robinson documents
         her lifetime commitment to improve conditions for
                    The Bibliography                          179



        African Americans in Selma, Alabama, where her
        scope of activity broadened after Martin Luther King
        led the marches for voting rights there. Robinson con¬
        tinued as a leader and active participant in the Civil
        Rights Movement after King's death. She began her
        association with LaRouche in 1983, becoming a mem¬
        ber of the board of directors of the Schiller Institute in
        1984. Among other events, Robinson discusses her
        trip to East Germany in 1990.

368. Robinson, Barbara A. And Still I Cry. Edgewood, Mary¬
       land: M. E. Duncan and Co., Inc., 1992.       ISBN:
       1878647016. 220 pages.
        In this account of her life, Robinson recounts her hor¬
        rific childhood. She was a victim of child abuse, both
        physical and sexual, poverty, and homelessness. She
        attended college against tremendous odds, only to be¬
        come pregnant, drop out and marry a man who had
        not yet completed his divorce. Although Robinson
        did complete college and finally bring her life together
        while still married to her first husband, she became
        involved in drug and alcohol abuse. Robinson de¬
        scribes how she recovered from incredible hardship,
        and went on to a life as a successful businesswoman.

                                   The Montgomery Bus
369. Robinson, Jo Ann Gibson (1912-).
       Boycott and the Women Who Started It: The Memoir
       of Jo Ann Gibson Robinson. Ed. David J. Garrow.
       Knoxville: University of Tennessee Press, 1987.     ISBN:
       0870495240:0870495275. 190 pages; photographs.
       Robinson, as head of the Women's Political Council
       (WPC) in Montgomery, began making plans for a bus
       boycott in 1954. When Rosa Parks, one of many who
       had resisted the discriminatory conventions of Mont¬
       gomery's transportation systems, was arrested, Robin¬
       son and her group were poised to begin the boycott
       which, after 13 months, achieved its goal. Robinson
       describes the daily humiliation African Americans
       faced taking the bus before the strike, and considers the
       effect of this humiliation on their lives. She also pro¬
       vides an account of the aftermath of the strike. Many
180      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         of the participants were employed by Alabama State, as
         was Robinson herself; some were forced to resign and
         many others left because of political pressure. But de¬
         spite the danger and personal hardships experienced by
         the participants, Robinson writes that the boycott will
         be "the most beautiful memory that all of us who par¬
         ticipated will carry to our final resting place" (p. 11).

 370. Robinson, Joseph J. Growing Up in Chi-Town: A Story of
        the 1960s. Chicago: The Committee (P. O. Box 1082,
        Evanston, Illinois 60204), 1980. ISBN: none. 40 pages;
        photographs; bibliography.
         Robinson writes a brief account of his participation in
         the events of the mid- to late- 1960s. During this time
         he changed from a casual, only partially informed par¬
         ticipant, to an individual dedicated to change. This
         change came about through his growing interest in
         and association with the Black Panther Party. Robin¬
         son describes the FBI's and the Chicago Police's war on
         the Panthers, and gives a detailed account of the raid
         on Fred Hampton's apartment in the middle of the
         night, which resulted in the death of Fred Hampton
         and the wounding of several others. Robinson was in¬
         spired to finish high school and to attend college
         through his work with the Panthers and Hampton. At
         the end of this history, he writes that he is a janitor
         with a college degree. "The 'gig' keeps me fed, the de¬
         gree is for serving the people, like Chairman Fred
         would have wanted us to do" (p. 35).

 371. Robinson, Robert (1902-). Black On Red: My 44 Years In¬
         side the Soviet Union: An Autobiography. Written
         with Jonathan Slevin. Washington, D.C.: Acropolis
         Books, 1988. ISBN: 0874918855. 436 pages; photo¬
         graphs; maps.
         Robinson, who was born in Jamaica, spent his child¬
         hood and youth in Cuba, and began his adult years in
         Harlem and Detroit. Educated as a tool and dye maker
         in Cuba, Robinson found that there was no place for
         individuals of African descent in the skilled labor pool
         of the United States. He started out as a floor sweeper
                The Bibliography                          181



     at Ford Motor Corporation, and, after three years, fi¬
     nally worked his way into the ranks of the tool and dye
     makers. Robinson was one of many Americans with
     special skills who in the early years of the Great De¬
     pression were wooed to the Soviet Union on one year
     contracts to be "American Specialists."         He was
     promised, and received, much higher pay than he was
     receiving in Detroit. While he was celebrated for his
     skills and technical contributions, he was also despised
     and shunned by his new associates. Robinson found
     himself to be a pawn of the Soviet Union, learned to
     trust no one, felt unable to form close associations
    with women, and lived in a state of fear for his entire
    44-year stay. He was forced to give up his American
    citizenship, but was finally given permission to travel
    to Uganda in 1973. At this point, Robinson planned
    never to return to the U.S.S.R. He regained his U.S.
    citizenship in 1986. Robinson describes his 44 years in
    great detail (his original manuscript was 1,000 pages
    long). He lived through two of Stalin’s purges and
   watched as many friends, acquaintances, and fellow
   employees disappeared; he survived the hardships of
   World War II, nearly dying of malnutrition; he was
   spied on continuously; and he risked imprisonment,
   insane asylums, or deportation to stubbornly pursue
   his exit visa. He writes that he hopes his "years of
   struggle in the Soviet Union will provide many peo¬
   ple with valuable insight on the realities of life in that
   country, where good and decent people live and die in
   frustration under a system of government that views
   freedom as a threat to its existence" (p. 434).

Rodriguez, Luis (1954-).   Always Running: La Vida Loca,
   Gang Days in L.A.     Willimantic, Connecticut: Curb¬
   stone Press, 1993. ISBN: 1880684063. 260 pages.
   Note: New York: Simon & Schuster, 1994.         ISBN-
   0671882317.

  Rodriguez documents his life growing up in the bar¬
  rios of East Los Angeles. He describes the desperate
  conditions and pressures that push young men and
  women into the violent, nihilistic life of the gangs and
  the difficulty of leaving that life. A number of sup-
182        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



           portive adults recognized Rodriguez's writing and
           intellectual capabilities. With their encouragement,
           he tried many times to leave the gang life behind. But
           the ties of loyalty were strong and hard to resist.
           Rodriguez finally did escape and now lives in Chicago,
           where he is active as a poet, editor, publisher (Tia
           Chupa Press) and journalist.

 373. Rodriguez, Richard.  Days of Obligation: An Argument
           With My Mexican Father. New York: Viking, 1992.
           ISBN: 0670813966. 230 pages.
           Note: Also published New York: Penguin, 1993. ISBN:
           0140096221.
           This second book by Rodriguez was published more
           than a decade after his still-controversial autobiogra¬
           phy Hunger of Memory. In these essays, Rodriguez
           writes about a wide range of subjects, including his
           trips to Mexico and his impressions of the Mexican
           people and of Mexico's social and artistic culture; his
           Indian heritage, and popular conceptions of Native
           Americans from both sides of the U.S./Mexican bor¬
           der; Victorian architecture; parent-child relationships
           in immigrant families; California lore, the missions,
           and Catholicism; and the role of the U.S. public school
           system in the process of assimilation or "Americaniza¬
           tion."

 374. —.    Hunger of Memory: The Education of Richard
           Rodriguez: An Autobiography. New York: David
           Godine, 1981. ISBN: 0879234180. 195 pages.
           Note: Also published New York: Bantam Books, 1983.
           ISBN: 0553231936:0553272934.
           Writing about the significance of language in his life,
           Rodriguez describes the move from intimate family
           life surrounded by spoken Spanish to a solid place in
           public life surrounded by spoken English. In writing
           about this transformation, which he describes as
           grievous but necessary, he debates the utility of bilin¬
           gual education and affirmative action—taking stands
           that have stirred controversy. In response, Rodriguez
           emphasizes more than once that although his life may
                    The Bibliography                            183



        speak to others, it is indeed just his life, and he is not
        claiming that it is a representative Hispanic American
        life.

375. Romano-V., Octavio Ignacio (1923-).     Geriatric Fu: My
        First Sixty-five Years in the United States. Berkeley:
        TQS Publications, 1990. ISBN: 0892290188. 236 pages.
        Romano-V. wrote this autobiography upon his re¬
        tirement from teaching at the University of California,
        Berkeley. An anthropologist, Romano-V. begins his
        life story by surveying world events when he was in
        his seventh month of gestation (deducing that nothing
        has changed except for the advent of computers), and
        ends it shortly before his retirement. Romano-V. is se¬
        lective about what life events he shares with the
        reader, and we learn as much or more about his world
        view as about the details of his life. He finds much to
        criticize and much to praise about this country and the
        world. He challenges academics and other profession¬
        als, especially questioning "the very strange tradition
        of the social sciences to never consider the poor as
        capable of intellectual and abstract thought . . ." (p. 68),
        and providing evidence from his personal experience
        to refute this view. Romano-V. provokes both tears
        and laughter as he describes the tragedies experienced
        by himself and his friends and acquaintances, and
        pokes fun at society's weaknesses. This book is pub¬
        lished by the publishing firm that Romano-V. founded
        in 1967, Quinto Sol Publications (now called Tomtiuh-
        Quinto Sol or TQS), which specializes in the works of
        Chicano writers.

376. Rose, Wendy (1948-).    "Neon Scars."I Tell You Now: Au¬
        tobiographical Essays by Native American Writers. Ed.
        Brian Swann and Arnold Krupat. Lincoln: University
        of Nebraska Press, 1987. ISBN: 0803227140.
        See entry under Swann, Brian for a complete list of au¬
        thors included in this anthology.
184      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



 377. Ross, Allen C. (1940-). Ehanamani "Walks Among": An
         Autobiography. Rev. ed. Denver: Bear, 1993. ISBN:
         0962197726:0962197718. 226 pages; illustrations.
         After discussing his childhood, his family life, educa¬
         tion, and years stationed in Germany as a member of
         the armed forces, Ross describes his growing interest in
         his cultural heritage. As he learned more about the
         history of his people, the Santee (Dakota) Indians, Ross
         also became more interested in Santee spiritual beliefs
         and practices. He began participating in such ceremo¬
         nial events as the Sun Dance, and gradually became a
         spiritual leader and healer. This autobiography is writ¬
         ten to accompany his earlier prophetic work, Mitakuye
         OyasinfWe Are All Related, Denver: Bear, 1989.

 378. Rowan, Carl T. Breaking Barriers: A Memoir. Boston:
        Little, Brown, 1991. ISBN: 0316759775. 395 pages; pho¬
        tographs.
        Note: Also published New York: Harper Perennial,
        1992. ISBN: 0060974478.
         Carl T. Rowan broke a number of racial barriers in his
         rise from poverty and hopelessness to political promi¬
         nence. He was among the first black general assign¬
         ment newspaper reporters, and held prominent posi¬
         tions in the Kennedy and Johnson administrations.
         Rowan struggled with wanting to present his unique
         perspective as an African American, but at the same
         time not wanting to be pigeon-holed into representing
         any particular point-of-view. He wrote this book after
         the controversy surrounding his shooting (in the
         wrist) of an intruder with a gun that was not properly
         registered. He was acquitted of all charges brought
         against him.

 379. Rust, Art (1927-).  Recollections of a Baseball Junkie.
        Written with Edna Rust. New York: W. Morrow, 1985.
        ISBN: 0688031072. 181 pages; photographs.
         Art Rust grew up playing, watching and talking about
         baseball. He became hooked for life, however, when,
         during a month-long quarantine with scarlet fever, he
         listened to all of the broadcasts of the Newark Bear's
                    The Bibliography                         185



        games. Rust explains why, although an ardent baseball
        player, he chose to become a broadcaster and
        sportswriter instead of a player. He was still a boy
        when Jackie Robinson signed with the Brooklyn
        Dodgers, but he and his friends felt there was no future
        for African Americans in the major leagues because of
        the racism inherent in the institution. Rust provides
        an insider's view of baseball, sharing his historical and
        anecdotal knowledge of the game.

380. Salas, Floyd. Buffalo Nickel: A Memoir. Houston: Arte
        Publico Press, 1992. ISBN: 155885049X. 347 pages.
        In this book, Salas writes about his relationship with
        his older brother Al, who was in and out of reform
        school, jail, prison, detox, and mental institutions
        throughout his life. Al had pursued a career as a
        boxer, and trained Floyd as well, but neither stayed in
        the sport for the long term. Floyd pursued his boxing
        activities mainly as a means of pleasing his brother. In
        Buffalo Nickel, Salas writes about his family and the
        many tragedies they confronted, about his own desire
        to write, the many obstacles he faced while trying to at¬
        tend both high school and college, and his love for and
        the mostly futile efforts he made to help his brother Al
        and his children.

381. Salisbury, Ralph (1926-). "The Quiet Between Lightning
        and Thunder." I Tell You Now: Autobiographical Es¬
        says by Native American Writers. Ed. Brian Swann
        and Arnold Krupat. Lincoln: University of Nebraska
        Press, 1987. ISBN: 0803227140.
       See entry under Swann, Brian for a complete list of au¬
       thors included in this anthology.

382. Santiago, Esmeralda. When I Was Puerto Rican. Read¬
        ing, Massachusetts: Addison-Wesley, 1993.     ISBN:
        0201581175. 274 pages; includes glossary of Spanish
        terms.
        Note: Also published New York: Vintage Books, 1994.
        ISBN: 0679756760.
       Esmeralda Santiago writes of her childhood in Puerto
186      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         Rico, where she was the oldest child in a family that
         would soon include seven children. Her parents had a
         turbulent relationship, and her father often lived away
         from home. Santiago’s mother eventually took the
         children to New York, leaving their father for good.
         At the time of the move, Santiago had just turned 13
         and spoke very little English. The change from life in
         a remote rural area in Puerto Rico to the urban com¬
         plexities of New York was traumatic. Despite this, the
         family's poverty, and the subsequent birth of four
         more children, Santiago, encouraged by her mother's
         ambitions and her own drive to succeed, excelled in
         school, was admitted to the Performing Arts High
         School, and eventually attended Harvard.

383. Santiago, Lourdes and Felix M. Padilla.   Outside the Wall:
        A Puerto Rican Woman's Struggle.     New Brunswick,
        New Jersey: Rutgers University Press, 1993. ISBN:
        0813519861:081351987X. 214 pages; bibliography.
         Raised by overly-strict parents, Santiago's marriage at
        age 15 to a gang leader was as much for love as to assert
        her independence and take control of her life. Al¬
        though he never gave up his gang involvement, her
        husband had regular work and was attending a techni¬
        cal college. This attempt at a stable lifestyle, however,
        was soon to end when he was arrested on what Santi¬
        ago claims were fabricated charges, and sentenced to 70
        years in prison. Santiago believes that he was targeted
        by rival gang members and the police, who were anx¬
        ious to lock up leaders. Santiago writes about how she
        has learned to cope with her husband's imprisonment,
        and how she has tried to help the family members of
        other inmates cope as well—providing support for
        each other and for the inmates. After nine years, San¬
        tiago set up a one-woman organization to run support
        groups, provide transportation for visitations, and in
        other ways advance issues of justice for the inmates.
        She describes the consequences she believes her ac¬
        tivism has had for herself and for her husband.

384. Sarasohn, Eileen Sunada (1943-), ed. The lssei, Portrait of
        a Pioneer: An Oral History. Palo Alto, California:
                     The Bibliography                           187



        Pacific Books, 1983. ISBN: 087015236X. 296 pages; pho¬
        tographs.
        This is a collection of short narratives by Issei, or first-
        generation Japanese immigrants. Some of the subjects
        came to the United States on their own, and some fol¬
        lowed their parents or spouses. Many arrived in the
        early part of the century, and all experienced racism
        and discrimination. The recollections include their
        reactions upon first hearing about the bombing of
        Pearl Harbor; feelings of disbelief, fear, and incredulity
        at what followed for them; and the consequences of
        the evacuation and internment for the older and
        younger generations.

385. Savala, Refugio.    The Autobiography of a Yaqui Poet.
        With background and interpretations by Kathleen M.
        Sands. Tucson: University of Arizona Press, 1980.
        ISBN: 0816506981:0816506280. 228 pages; illustrations;
        maps; bibliography.
        Note: Also published New York: Ballantine Books,
        1992. ISBN: 0345376765.
        Savala was born in 1904 during the Mexican govern¬
        ment's campaign to remove the Yaqui from their
        homeland in Sonora. Savala moved with his family,
        along with many other Yaquis, over the Mexican-U.S.
        border to Arizona, where many found work with the
        railroads. Savala describes life in Tucson, Arizona, the
        Yaqui community there, and its social and religious
        practices. His creative writing abilities were discovered
        when he was asked to describe a particular dance for an
        anthropologist. Savala continued to work with an¬
        thropologists, producing both word by word transla¬
        tions and paraphrases of Yaqui texts. Although the ed¬
        itor has provided extensive critical apparatus with
        Savala's autobiography, she has presented the material
        as it was originally written by him.

386. Scott, Kesho.    The Habit of Surviving: Black Women's
        Strategies for Life. New Brunswick, New Jersey: Rut¬
        gers University Press, 1991.     ISBN: 0813516463.      208
        pages; bibliography.
188      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         Kesho Scott presents the life stories of four women be¬
         tween the ages of 46 and 52. The women, whose
         names have been changed, talk about their families
         and men, feminism, politics, and God. Scott points
         out that these four women are representative of how
         black women are "committed to anti-racist, nonsexist
         human relationships among people of all colors, sexes
         and classes" (p. 12) even though they may not be active
         in the mainstream, predominantly white women's
         movement. Scott includes her own life-history in this
         volume as well.

 387. Scott, Kody.
         See Shakur, Sanyika.

 388. Seay, S. S. (Solomon Snowden) (1899-1988). I Was There
         By the Grace of God.    Montgomery, Alabama: S. S.
         Seay, Sr. Educational Foundation, 1990.          ISBN:
         0962861707. 296 pages; photographs; bibliography.
         At the age of 88, Seay looks back at his life and career in
         this chronicle of the Civil Rights Movement. Seay
         records both positive and negative aspects of his child¬
         hood growing up the sixteenth of 21 children on a
         farm in rural Alabama. His parents worked as field
         hands and also raised their own crops and livestock on
         which the family subsisted. Seay writes that his first
         realization in life was that he was poor, and that it was
         his second realization to learn that he was black in a
         world dominated by whites. Because of his large fam¬
         ily and its poor financial situation, obtaining an educa¬
         tion was difficult, but Seay somehow realized his am¬
         bition to become a minister in the A.M.E. Zion
         Church. His book describes his work as a minister, in
         Montgomery, Alabama, and how it led him into the
         Civil Rights Movement. Seay documents the many
         forerunners and participants in this movement with
         photographs and biographical sketches.

 389. Sellers, Cleveland. The River of No Return: The Autobi¬
         ography of a Black Militant and the Life and Death of
         SNCC. Written with Robert L. Terrell. Jackson: Uni-
                   The Bibliography                        189



        versity Press of Mississippi, 1990. ISBN: 087805474X.
        289 pages.
        Originally published New York: W. Morrow, 1973.

390. Semaken, Goodwin.     Goodwin Semaken: Kaltag. Inter¬
       views conducted and text prepared by Yvonne Yarber
       and Curt Madison. Yukon-Koyukuk School District
       Biography Series. Fairbanks: Spirit Mountain Press,
       1984. ISBN: 0910871086. 86 pages; photographs; maps.
       Born to an Inupiaq mother and a Koyukon father, Se¬
       maken grew up in the small village of Kaltag. His par¬
       ents were reluctant to send him to school, and instead
       wanted him to learn the outdoor life. Semaken tells
       stories of hunting, fishing, trapping, and traveling by
       dog sleds and by snow mobiles. He gives his view on
       the importance of family, and how alcohol often ruins
       a family, causing husband and wife to mistreat each
       other and their children.
       For a brief description and list of autobiographies in
       this Yukon-Koyukuk School District series, see the en¬
       try for Moses Henzie.

391. Shakur, Assata. Assata: An Autobiography. Westport,
        Connecticut: L. Hill, 1987.   ISBN: 0882082213:
        0882082221. 274 pages.
       Shakur, in alternate chapters, documents her brutal ar¬
       rest and her life from birth through the arrest. Her
       nightmarish ordeal at the hands of the New Jersey po¬
       lice force and the FBI includes a hospital stay during
       which, though she was near death, she was questioned
       and beaten by members of both of these law enforce¬
       ment agencies; her imprisonment, most of which was
       spent in isolation; and the court ("Kourt") trials in
       New York and New Jersey on apparently trumped up
       charges. Shakur was one of a number of targets or vic¬
       tims of the FBI's notorious COINTELPRO activities,
       which were designed to disrupt a variety of Black na¬
       tionalist and civil rights organizations—two promi¬
       nent targets were Martin Luther King and the South¬
       ern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC), and the
       Black Panther Party. Shakur had been a member of the
190      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         latter, but became a target of FBI harassment after leav¬
         ing the group. Shakur was only convicted of one of
         the many charges brought against her. She somehow
         escaped from prison and wrote this book during her
         exile in Cuba.

 392. Shakur, Sanyika (1964-).     Monster: The Autobiography of
         an L.A. Gang Member.     New York: Atlantic Monthly
         Press, 1993. ISBN: 0871135353. 383 pages.
         Note: Also published New York: Penguin, 1994. ISBN:
         0140232257.
        Shakur went through his gang initiation the night he
        graduated from sixth grade. He was, from the start, a
        single-mindedly dedicated member—killing two rival
        gang members his first night out. Shakur provides a
        detailed account of his life and activities as a gangster.
        He describes the complex culture that has evolved
        over several decades within the gangs, specifically the
        Crips, and of the changes that have taken place with
        the advent of drug dealing and the availability of large
        sums of money. Shakur only occasionally questioned
        his gang life, and repeatedly writes of his total dedica¬
        tion to this way of life. He was converted to the New
        Afrikan Independence Movement during a four and
        one-half year stay in prison and, with his conversion,
        gained a new purpose in life. "Gangsterism contin¬
        ues," he writes, "but more importantly, the struggle to
        eradicate the causes of gangsterism continues. And it
        is this struggle to which I am dedicated" (p. 377). At
        the time of the writing of this book, he was back in
        prison serving his third year in solitary confinement,
        having received a seven-year sentence for beating a
        crack dealer who refused to leave his neighborhood:
            I make no excuses for this, and I have no regrets. When the
            police and other government agencies don't seem to care
            about what is going on in our communities, then those of us
            who live in them must take responsibility for their protec¬
            tion and maintenance. As it turned out, this specific dealer
            was also a paid police informant, (p. 379)
        Shakur writes that he is being held in isolation because
        of his "political views and for assertions" that he has
        made (p. 380). He also writes in the Epilogue that he
        believes the country's
                     The Bibliography                                  191



           130-year-old experiment of multiculturalism has failed.
           Perhaps it was never designed to work. My fear is that an
           atmosphere is developing here similar to that in Bosnia and
           Herzegovina, due to the failure of positive multicultural ex¬
           istence. My personal belief is that separation is the solu¬
           tion. (p. 382)
        Shakur puts out a call to "every thinking person with
        a stake in life—especially those involved in the fight¬
        ing—" (p. 382) to make an effort to end the tragedy of
        gang culture. He argues that "[t]he children deserve to
        have a decent childhood where they live.          They
        shouldn’t have to be uprooted to the suburbs to expe¬
        rience peace. We cannot contaminate them with our
        feuds of madness, which are predicated on factors over
        which we have no control" (p. 383).

393. Shaw, Nate (1885-1973). All God's Dangers: The Life of
        Nate Shaw. Ed. Theodore Rosengarten. New York:
        Vintage, 1989. ISBN: 0394722450. 575 pages; map.
        Originally published New York: Knopf, 1974. ISBN:
        0394490843.

394. Shimonishi-Lamb, Mili (1913-). And Then A Rainbow.
        Santa Barbara: Fithian Press, 1990. ISBN: 0931832616.
        178 pages; photographs.
       Shimonishi-Lamb considered herself thoroughly
       American. Her husband, however, was a Kibei, born
       in the United States but educated in Japan. His father
       was still in Japan, and this kept his ties to that country
       strong. During World War II, while in the internment
       camp at Heart Mountain, Wyoming, with their four
       children, Shimonishi-Lamb's husband answered "no"
       to the two loyalty questions included on a mandatory
       questionnaire which was to be filled out by all Nisei
       and Issei in the camps. A "no" answer to these ques¬
       tions by the Nisei meant that they renounced their
       U.S. citizenship and, thus, faced deportation at war's
       end. To keep the family together, Shimonishi-Lamb
       gave the same answers as her husband although they
       did not reflect her true feelings. She and her family
       immigrated to Hiroshima Prefecture, her husband's
       home prefecture, six months after the dropping of the
       atomic bomb. They took up farming, an occupation
192      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         foreign to both Shimonishi-Lamb and her husband.
         The work was difficult, and they had very little to eat,
         poor shelter, and no amenities. Shimonishi-Lamb was
         even more unhappy when her husband adopted a
         domineering attitude. She writes about her unhappi¬
         ness, the family's difficulties, finally finding employ¬
         ment for herself off the farm, her ultimate success in
         regaining her U.S. citizenship, and, finally, her and her
         children's return to the United States without her
         husband.

 395. Silko, Leslie Marmon (1948-). Storyteller. New York:
          Seaver Books, 1981. ISBN: 0394515897:0865790043. 278
          pages; photographs.
          Note: Also published New York: Arcade Publishing:
          Little, Brown and Co., 1981. ISBN: 155970005X.
         This work combines Silko's memories of her child¬
         hood and family with Laguna legends and stories
         which were told to her by her great aunt, her grand¬
         mother, and others. This style, similar to that used by
         N. Scott Momaday in his autobiographical works, re¬
         flects the traditional oral method of passing history on
         from generation to generation and is a step away from
         Western-influenced autobiographical presentations.

 396. Simon, Edwin (1898-1979). Edwin Simon: Huslia. Inter¬
         views conducted and text prepared by Yvonne Yarber
         and Curt Madison. Alaska Series. Blaine, Washing¬
         ton: Hancock House, 1981. ISBN: 0888390688. 120
         pages; photographs; maps.
         Note: Produced by Yukon-Koyukuk School District of
         Alaska.

         Edwin Simon writes that he considers himself to have
         had three lives. From the time he was born in 1898 to
         about 1930 constitutes his first life: living without any
         generated power, more or less in the manner of his
         parents and grandparents; his second life took place
         between 1930 and 1960, during which time he had a
         gas-powered boat and oil lamps; and his third life be¬
         gan about 1960, during which time he has had the
         benefit of most modern conveniences. In this book,
                    The Bibliography                         193



        Simon and his wife, Lydia Simon, tell many stories of
        seasonal activities, subsistence hunting, fishing, trap¬
        ping, food preparation, family relationships, and tradi¬
        tional healing.
        For a brief description and list of autobiographies in
        this Yukon-Koyukuk School District series, see the en¬
        try for Moses Henzie.

397. Smith, Ann Odene.   God's Step Chilluns: Poverty—Raw
        and Evil, Naked and Ugly.   Edwards, Mississippi:
        Harlo, 1981. ISBN: none. 171 pages.

398. Smith, Claude Clayton.
       See Piper, Aurelius (1916).

399. Smith, Gloria Fuller.  Hill District Reniassance [sic] of
        Memories of African Americana in Pittsburgh, Penn¬
        sylvania. Tucson, Arizona: Trailstones Industries, Inc.,
        1993. ISBN: none.    69 leaves; photographs; maps; bib¬
        liography.
        Gloria Fuller Smith recalls the details of her old
        neighborhood, the 2800 block of Breckinridge Street,
        which was demolished to make a playing field for the
        University of Pittsburgh. She has created diagrams
        and maps of the area, and recalls each of her neighbors,
        her daily activities there, her friends, and schooling.
        Smith considers the history of the African American
        in Pennsylvania, and particularly in Pittsburgh.

400. Solomon,   Madeline (1905-).       Madeline    Solomon:
        Koyukuk.  Interviews conducted and text prepared by
        Curt Madison and Yvonne Yarber.        Alaska Series.
        Blaine, Washington: Flancock ITouse, 1981.     ISBN:
        0888390661. 97 pages; photographs; maps.
        Note: Produced by Yukon-Koyukuk School District of
        Alaska.
        Solomon, half Koyukon Athapascan and half Irish,
        tells about her childhood moving from camp to camp
        hunting, fishing and trapping. She gives a month-by¬
        month description of the activities of her tribe, includ¬
        ing April and May which were devoted to dancing.
194      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



        Solomon describes the Athapascans' relationship to
        the Catholic mission, the emergence of wage jobs and
        the changes that resulted in the shift from subsistence
        living to the need to hold a wage job, and the threat to
        the language caused by historical restrictions on speak¬
        ing it in school. Solomon now participates in a bilin¬
        gual teaching program, teaching school children the
        Athapascan language.
        For a brief description and list of autobiographies in
        this Yukon-Koyukuk School District series, see the en¬
        try for Moses Henzie.

 401. Someth May (1958-). Cambodian Witness: The Autobiog¬
        raphy of Someth May. Ed. James Fenton. New York:
        Random House, 1986. ISBN: 0394548043. 287 pages.
        Someth May describes the relatively peaceful years of
        his childhood leading up to the invasion of the Viet
        Cong and the take over of Cambodia by the Khmer
        Rouge. He writes about the dissolution of his family
        after their evacuation, and their subsequent separation
        into different work camps. The surviving members of
        his family eventually found their way to a Thai
        refugee camp and were able to immigrate as a group to
        Washington, D.C. Some members of the family were
        killed by the Khmer Rouge; others died due to condi¬
        tions in the work camps. Out of a family of 14, only
        four members survived to immigrate to the United
        States. Someth May provides a detailed account of his
        experiences in the work camps, the Vietnamese inva¬
        sion of Cambodia and defeat of the Khmer Rouge, his
        family's entry into the United States, and the birth
        three days later of his sister's first child.

402. Soong, Irma Tam.     Chinese-American Refugee: A World
        War II Memoir.    Honolulu: Hawaii Chinese History
        Center, 1984.   ISBN: none. 131 pages; photographs;
        maps.

        The main body of Irma Tam Soong's memoir covers
        two years, beginning shortly after the birth of her first
        child, a son, in 1940. Soong, a native of Hawaii, was
        trapped in China during the Japanese occupation. She
                      The Bibliography                         195



          fled from Chunking, where her journalist husband
          was stationed, to Hong Kong, where she gave birth to
          her son, and then to her husband's ancestral village in
          Canton. Here, her differences as an American were
          most prominent; basically, Soong was not strong
          enough to contribute much to the family's day-to-day
          existence. She writes: "I stood on this Asian ground,
          the soil of my ancestors, at home and yet not at home,
          a human being much like the inhabitants in skin and
          eyes and hair, yet consciously Hawaiian-American in
          walk and talk and outlook . . ." (p. 3). Soong again
          joined her husband in Chunking and eventually left
          for the United States with her son in 1943. She de¬
          scribes the hardships and horrors of living in China
          and Hong Kong during the years of World War II and
          the Japanese occupation. She writes of her desire and
          efforts to stay with her husband who was constantly
          changing locations, often to the most dangerous areas,
          and of the eventual dissolution of their marriage.

403. Soto, Gary. Lesser Evils: Ten Quartets. Houston: Arte
        Publico Press, 1988. ISBN: 0934770778. 142 pages.
          This collection of Soto's autobiographical essays ex¬
          plores childhood and boyhood rivalries, the father-
          daughter relationship, his career as a teacher, marriage,
          pets, his dreams and fears about women, sex, and
          aging. Soto's essays are generally humorous, although
          there is an underlying tone of pessimism.

404. —.    Living Up the Street: Narrative Recollections. New
          York: Dell, 1985. ISBN: 0440211700. 167 pages.
          Note: Also published San Francisco: Strawberry Hill
          Press, 1985. ISBN: 0894070649; reissued by Dell in 1992.
          This collection is one of four autobiographical works
          published by Soto, Chicano poet and short-story writer.
          In the opening chapters, he portrays himself as a wild,
          undisciplined boy. As Soto describes his growing
          years, however, the stories become more painful, de¬
          picting his many disappointments: hours training his
          younger brother for a parks-and-recreation beauty
          pageant, only to have him lose to the starched, pressed.
196      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         and curled competition; trying out for and failing to
         make the neighborhood Little League team; wished-for
         romances; a brief, unremarkable stint on the wrestling
         team; and finally, running away from home and his
         spirit-deadening employment in a tire factory. Other
         significant events in Soto's life include his burgling of
         the house of his friend's sister, and, after experiencing
         horrible guilt, returning everything, followed by his
         visit to Mexico, where he received a severe beating
         from local police who hated Americans.

 405. —. Small Faces. Houston: Arte Publico Press, 1986. ISBN:
         0934770492. 126 pages.
        Note: Also published New York: Dell, 1993. ISBN:
        0440215536.
        In the first essay of this collection, Soto remembers the
        advice of his grandmother to become a barber and
        marry a Mexican woman. Although he asserts that he
        spent his youth searching and pining for the right
        Mexican woman, he fell in love with a Japanese
        American woman. Consumed with guilt, he reluc¬
        tantly visited her parents, only to discover that "her
        people were like Mexicans only different" (p. 14). This
        collection of essays centers around his adult married
        life and his relationship with his wife and daughter,
        with some forays back into his childhood. Soto con¬
        cludes with a pessimistic note as he expresses his fears
        for the future.

406. —. A Summer Life. Hanover, New Hampshire: Univer¬
       sity Press of New England, 1990. ISBN: 0874515238. 115
       pages.
        Note: Also published New York: Dell, 1991.         ISBN-
        0440210240.

        In this collection of autobiographical essays, Soto
        focuses on his transformation from a young child with
        childish interests and pursuits, to a young man awk¬
        wardly crossing into adulthood. Soto looks back on his
        boyhood exploration of sin, the role of the confessional
        in his Catholic upbringing, and, as he grew older, the
        development of his feelings toward girls, his need to
                    The Bibliography                           197



        conform, and his fear of the future. Soto remembers
        both the humorous and terrifying moments of child¬
        hood—a returning warrior uncle who took care of
        Soto and his sister while readjusting to civilian life,
        and at the opposite pole, the baby-sitter, recently re¬
        leased from juvenile hall, who took them on a death-
        defying tour of the city in Soto's mother's car (without
        seat belts!).

407. Staples, Brent A. (1951-). Parallel Time: Growing Up in
        Black and White. New York: Pantheon Books, 1994.
        ISBN: 0679421548. 274 pages.
        Note: Also published New York: Avon Books, 1995.
        ISBN: 0380724758.

        Staple's story takes place within the framework of his
        visit to the coroner's office to review the details of his
        brother's murder three years after the fact. His brother,
        a drug dealer, had been gunned down by one of his
        clients, and, at the time, Staples could not bring him¬
        self to attend either the funeral or the trial. When
        Staples finally returned to his family home in
        Roanoke, Virginia, he went to the coroner's office to
        study his brother's file and attempt to come to some
       conclusions about the differences in his and his broth¬
       er's life. Eventually, Staples began to examine his rela¬
       tionships with all of the different members of his fam¬
       ily, his experiences in school, teachers who inspired or
       stultified him, his admission into college through a
       special program designed to assist "at risk" youth, his
       winning a prestigious fellowship to attend the Univer¬
       sity of Chicago where he earned his Ph.D., and finally
       his work as a teacher and journalist. As Staples grew
       older and moved away from his family, he found
       himself in predominantly white environments, and
       he contemplates the effect that this shift had on him.
       He describes only a few incidents in which he was
       overwhelmed by overt racism, although this is not to
       say that racism was not a constant element of his life.
       Relevant to Staples' attempt to reconcile the different
       directions taken by himself and his brother are the
       questions he was asked at job interviews which he
       calls "The Real Negro" questions. He interprets these
198      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         questions as the interviewer's attempt to find out
         whether or not he was "authentic." Staples writes that
         "my inquisitor was asking me to explain my existence.
         Why was I successful, law-abiding, and literate, when
         others of my kind filled the jails and the morgues of
         the homeless shelters? A question that asks a lifetime
         of questions has no easy answer. The only honest an¬
         swer is the life itself" (p. 259).

 408. Stephenson, Genevieve Abel (1920-). Just Genevieve: An
         Autobiography. Baltimore: Gateway Press, 1992. ISBN:
         none. 59 pages.

 409. Stewart, Irene (1907-).   A Voice in Her Tribe: A Navajo
         Woman's Own Story. Interviews conducted by Mary
         Shepardson and Doris Ostrander Dawdy. Ballena Press
         Anthropological Papers 17. Socorro, New Mexico: Bal¬
         lena Press, 1980. ISBN: 0879190884. 84 pages; photo¬
         graphs.
         Mary Shepardson began working with Irene Stewart in
         1955 and, in 1965, asked her to write her life story.
         Stewart wrote this book over an extended period of
         time in the form of letters, which have been arranged
         by the editor into short stories to create something like
         a narrative. The stories begin with a brief telling of the
         origins of Stewart's tribe, the Dine'e, which take the
         reader up to the time of her grandparents. The final
         chapter is Stewart's father's story of Changing
         Woman, which is the legend of the beginning of the
         Dine'e and the revelation of their religion. A striking
         element of Stewart’s stories of her own life is the
         struggle she had moving back and forth between the
         white-influenced world of the schools she attended
         and her Navajo home and community.

 410. Storiesof Survival: Conversations with Native North
         Americans. Ed. Remmelt and Kathleen Hummelen.
         New York: Friendship Press, Inc., 1985.           ISBN:
         0377001503. 76 pages; illustrations; photographs.
         This collection consists of 20 narratives by Native
                    The Bibliography                          199



        Americans representing various        tribes   from   the
        United States and Canada.

411. Storm, Hyemeyohsts. Lightningbolt. New York: Ballan-
        tine Books, 1994. ISBN: 0345367103. 534 pages; illustra¬
        tions; photographs.

        Storm continues to expand on the meaning and im¬
        portance of medicine wheels in this sequel to Seven
        Arrows (New York: Harper & Row, 1972. ISBN:
        0060141344:0345329015). He explains that the character
        of Lightning Bolt is himself. This book traces Light¬
        ning Bolt’s life, emphasizing his student-teacher rela¬
        tionship with the medicine woman. Zero Chief, and
        flower soldier, Estcheemah. Intertwined with the story
        are Estcheemah’s teachings, an explication of the dif¬
        ferent medicine wheels, and the history of the reli¬
        gious system out of which comes the tradition of Zero
        Chiefs and flower soldiers.

412. Strawberry, Darryl. Darryl. Written with Art Rust. New
        York: Bantam, 1992. ISBN: 0553075411:0553561383. 342
        pages; photographs.
        Strawberry writes about the emotional strain of meet¬
        ing expectations in the major leagues, especially in
        New York. The combination of professional stress, his
        youth and inexperience going into the game, and fam¬
        ily difficulties caused by his frequent absences led to
        Strawberry's alcoholism and lack of concentration. In
        this book, he talks about his problems with the Mets
        and his road to recovery with the Dodgers.

413. —. Hard Learnin'. Written with Don Gold. New York:
       Berkley Books, 1990. ISBN: 042512651X. 275 pages.

414. Strode, Woody. Goal Dust: An Autobiography. Written
        with Sam Young. Lanham, Maryland: Madison Books,
        1990. ISBN: 081917680X. 262 pages; photographs.
       Woody Strode was one of the first African American
       athletes to participate in college athletics at UCLA and,
       with fellow UCLA star Kenny Washington, to break
       the color barrier in professional football in 1946, when
200      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         he was signed to the Los Angeles Rams. He writes that
         the players were not a problem, but the management
         who signed him was.         After having been one of
         UCLA's top players, he was given little opportunity to
         play as a Ram, and was released after a year—possibly
         due to his employers' reaction to his marriage to a
         Hawaiian woman. He played several years in Canada
         before retiring and returning to the Los Angeles area to
         become a professional wrestler. Strode's wrestling
         career, a showcase for his exceptional physique,
         brought him to the attention of the film industry. He
         was given minor parts, playing African, Native Amer¬
         ican, and Chinese roles, and, his first high-paying role,
         the lion in Androcles and the Lion.        Strode writes
         about his work in Hollywood, his transformation from
         a character actor into a star, his work and friendship
         with John Ford, and his experiences in Italian film.

 415. Suleri, Sara. Meatless Days.     Chicago: University of
         Chicago Press, 1989. ISBN: 0226779807. 186 pages; pho¬
         tographs.
         Note: Reissued University of Chicago Press, 1991.
         ISBN: 0226779815.
         Born to a Pakistani father and a Welsh mother, Sara
         Suleri grew up in London and Pakistan. As an adult,
         Sara moved to the United States, where she now
         teaches English and third world literature.  Her story
         is made up of discrete essays in which she writes about
         her many brothers and sisters, her politically active
         father, her mother—a teacher, and her paternal grand¬
         mother.

 416. Sun Bear (1929-).Buffalo Hearts: A Native American's
         View of His Culture, Religion and History. 8th ed.
         Spokane: Bear Tribe, 1991.     ISBN: 0943404010.     124
         pages; bibliography.
         Originally published Healdsburg, California: Nature-
         graph, 1970. ISBN: 0911010866.

 417. Sun Bear. Sun Bear, the Path of Power. As told to Wabun
         and to Barry Weinstock. Spokane: Bear Tribe, 1983.
         ISBN: 094340437. 267 pages; photographs.
                    The Bibliography                        201



        Note: Also published New York: Simon & Schuster,
        1992. ISBN: 0671765299; New York: Prentice Hall Press,
        1988. ISBN: 0136534031.
        Sun Bear spent much of his childhood on the White
        Earth Reservation in Minnesota. Of Chippewa/Ojibwa
        descent, he formed The Bear Tribe, an intertribal, in¬
        terethnic group founded on the precepts of love and
        harmony devoted to closing the gaps between people
        caused by racism and misuse of technology. He de¬
        scribes growing up during the Great Depression, and
        his years in Los Angeles working as an actor. While in
        Los Angeles, Sun Bear first began his work with Na¬
        tive peoples. He organized services for Native Ameri¬
        cans who came to the city at the urging of the federal
        government, which was trying to get them off reserva¬
        tions and into urban areas, and opened a sort of
        halfway house to help them get settled. He went on to
        do similar work with tribal people in the Reno-Sparks
        area in Nevada. Sun Bear explains his philosophical
        beliefs and practices, and the ceremonies he conducts
        as leader of the Bear Tribe. He gives specific attention
        to illustrating and describing the medicine wheel gath¬
        erings which he holds in various locations.

418. Sundance, Robert (1927-1993).     Sundance: The Robert
        Sundance Story. Written with Marc Gaede. Ed.
       Marnie Walker Gaede. La Canada, California: Chaco
       Press, 1994. ISBN: 096160198L096160199X. 300 pages.
       A chronic alcoholic living in Los Angeles, Sundance
       found himself spending more time in jail than out of
       it. When he learned that alcoholism was considered a
       disease, Sundance began to develop the legal argument
       that incarceration for public drunkenness is synony¬
       mous with incarcerating someone because he or she is
       ill. He was able to test his argument in court and
       found himself in battle with a huge, inert bureaucracy.
       "The Sundance Case focused national attention on the
       issues of alcoholism and alcohol-related problems, and
       revealed that the systems weren't doing their duty" (p.
       275). This life story chronicles Sundance's exploits
       under the influence of alcohol leading up to his days
202      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         on the streets and in the jails of Los Angeles and to his
         court case, which spurred criminal and public health
         reform in California.

 419. Sutton, Joseph L. (1885-1980).Praise the Bridge that Car¬
         ries You Over: The Life of Joseph L. Sutton. Inter¬
         views recorded and prepared by Shepard Krech.
         Boston: G. K. Hall, 1981. ISBN: 0816190380. 209 pages;
         photographs; bibliography.
         Note: Also published Cambridge: Schenkman Publish¬
         ing Co., 1981. ISBN: 0870736507.
         Sutton was born and lived his life in Talbot County,
         Maryland, the birthplace of Frederick Douglass. Sut¬
         ton's life spanned nearly a century, 1885-1980. He de¬
         scribes family life, the complex relationships with
         whites in neighboring towns, virulent racism, the
         move to desegregation in the 50’s, and his struggle
         with poverty and illness. Appendices include histori¬
         cal notes on Talbot County.

 420. Swan, Madonna    (1928-).   Madonna Swan: A Lakota
         Woman's Story. As told through Mark St. Pierre.
         Norman: University of Oklahoma Press, 1991. ISBN:
         0806123699. 209 pages; photographs; maps; bibliogra-
         phy.
         After spending a warm and sheltered childhood with a
         large family. Swan was sent to boarding school. Her
         experiences there were not made easier by her own de¬
         teriorating health and the deaths of many of her
         friends due to "quick consumption." When she her¬
         self was diagnosed with tuberculosis, she was sent to
         the Sioux Sanitorium, where she spent the next six
         years. Conditions were unsanitary, and no serious ef¬
         forts were made to improve the health of the self-
         described inmates. Swan writes that there was no sep¬
         aration of the very sick from the recovering, thus al¬
         lowing a constant cycle of reinfection. Those with any
         strength were required to care for the most seriously
         ill, including bathing, feeding, and changing of bed
         clothes. Swan escaped during her sixth year, and fi¬
         nally received a court order allowing her to enter the
                    The Bibliography                          203



       "white" sanitorium, where she received a much
       higher quality of care. However, it was another four
       years before she was able to leave this sanitorium after
       undergoing experimental surgery that required a
       lengthy recovery and rehabilitation.

421. Swann, Brian and Arnold Krupat, ed.  I Tell You Now:
       Autobiographical Essays by Native American Writers.
       American Indian Lives. Lincoln: University of Ne¬
       braska Press, 1987. ISBN: 0803227140. 283 pages; bibli¬
       ography.
       Note: Reissued University of Nebraska Press, 1989.
       ISBN: 0803277571.
       These essays were written by recognized Native Amer¬
       ican writers specifically for this anthology. General
       suggestions were given by the editors as to what might
       be included in the essay, such as memories of child¬
       hood, education, or the experiences of being a part of
       two cultures. Brief biographical information is given
       for each author. The anthology concludes with a list of
       small presses which publish the works of many of
       these writers, and a bibliographic essay with sugges¬
       tions for further study of topics related to the collec¬
       tion.
        The authors and essays included in this collection are
        the following:
           Mary TallMountain, "You Can Go Home Again: A
       Sequence."      TallMountain, Koyukon Athapascan,
       writes about becoming a writer and her struggle with
       alcoholism.
           Ralph Salisbury, "The Quiet Between Lightning
       and Thunder."      Salisbury, Cherokee, uses excerpts
       from his poetry and prose to illustrate what it is like to
       be a Native American writer.
           Maurice Kenny, "Waiting at the Edge: Words To¬
       ward a Life." Kenny, Mohawk, compares his father's
       love of hunting to his own love for writing, calling
       himself a "hunter of words" (p. 40).
           Elizabeth Cook-Lynn, '"You May Consider Speak¬
       ing about Your Art. . . .'" Cook-Lynn, Crow-Creek-
       Sioux, explains her view of the poet's responsibility
       and what it is that she hopes to accomplish as a writer.
204   Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



          Carter Revard, "Walking Among the Stars." Re-
      vard writes about growing up on the Osage reservation
      in Oklahoma.
          Jim Barnes,       "On Native Ground."      Barnes,
      Choctaw, writes about the natural and social changes
      that have occurred during his lifetime in eastern Ok¬
      lahoma. He expresses a special concern for the preser¬
      vation of Native languages.
          Gerald Vizenor, "Crows Written on the Poplars:
      Autocritical Autobiographies."     Vizenor, Minnesota
      Chippewa, explores the art of autobiography.
          Jack D. Forbes, "Shouting Back to the Geese."
      Forbes, Powhatan-Delaware-Saponi, uses poetry and
      prose to describe his philosophy of life.
          Duane Niatum, "Autobiographical Sketch." Nia-
      tum, Klallam, writes about what has influenced him
      as an individual and as a poet.
          Paula Gunn Allen, "The Autobiography of a Con¬
      fluence." Allen, Laguna Pueblo, writes about her eclec¬
      tic heritage.
          Jimmie Durham, "Those Dead Guys for a Hundred
      Years." Durham, Wolf Clan Cherokee, writes about
      his relatives, living and dead.
          Diane Glancy, "Two Dresses." Glancy, Cherokee,
      writes about the awakening of her awareness of herself
      as Native American.
          Simon J. Ortiz, "The Language We Know." Ortiz,
      Acoma Pueblo, writes about the importance of lan¬
      guage.
         Joseph Bruchac, "Notes of a Translator's Son."
      Bruchac, Abenaki, writes about his love for the
      Adirondack Mountains, where he was raised.
         Barney Bush, "The Personal Statement of Barney
      Bush." Bush, Shawnee, writes about being a writer
      and an activist for Native American Rights.
         Linda Hogan, "The Two Lives." Hogan, Chickasaw,
      writes about being poor in a land of privilege.
         Wendy Rose, "Neon Scars." Rose, Hopi-Miwok,
      discusses writing and autobiography.
         Joy Harjo, "Ordinary Spirit." Harjo, Creek, writes
      about being a poet.
                    The Bibliography                         205



422. Takekoshi, Takewo. Reminiscences of My 60 Years in the
        United States. Los Angeles: Takewo Takekoshi, 1990.
        ISBN: none. 223 pages; photographs; maps.
         Takekoshi was born in the United States while his
         parents were traveling on business in Washington.
         After their business was concluded, however, they re¬
         turned to Japan.      This chance occurrence aided
         Takekoshi later when seeking United States citizen¬
         ship. Raised in the northern area of the Japanese
         island of Hokkaido, Takekoshi decided to go to the
         United States to seek education and fortune. He came
         over on his own and had no one to meet him when
        he arrived. Takekoshi writes about his studies and
         teaching experience both in California and in New
        York. He became a valuable member of the Southern
        California Japanese business community because of his
        fluency in both English and Japanese. This fluency
        also worked in his favor during the mass relocation of
        West Coast ethnic Japanese. Many Issei were arrested
        on the day of the bombing of Pearl Harbor, but
        Takekoshi's relative youth, fluent English, and his
        American business habits apparently kept him from
        suffering the same fate. In fact, Takekoshi and his wife
        and children avoided internment altogether by mov¬
        ing to Denver. Takekoshi describes the war years, his
        military experience, and his adjustment to the post
        war world.

423. TallMountain, Mary (1918-). "You Can Go Home Again:
        A Sequence." I Tell You Now: Autobiographical Es¬
        says by Native American Writers. Ed. Brian Swann
        and Arnold Krupat. Lincoln: University of Nebraska
        Press, 1987. ISBN: 0803227140.

        See entry under Swann, Brian for a complete list of
        authors included in this anthology.

424. Tanaka, Michiko Sato (pseud.) (1904-).Through Harsh
        Winters: The Life of a Japanese Immigrant Woman.
       As told to Akemi Kikumura.        Novato, California:
       Chandler and Sharp, 1981.         ISBN: 0883165449:
       0883165430. 157 pages; photographs; bibliography.
206     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



        This oral history was recorded and transcribed by
        Akemi Kikumura, Tanaka's daughter, over a five-year
        period. Tanaka came to the United States with her
        husband in 1923. He had already been to the United
        States, and she was curious to see what it was like. Un¬
        fortunately, Tanaka's husband was a compulsive gam¬
        bler, and they were never able to hold onto enough
        money to return to Japan. Tanaka emphasizes the suf¬
        fering that she endured throughout her life in the
        United States. She opens her story with this state¬
        ment: "I didn't know you had to suffer before you
        could understand life. When I was a young girl in
        Japan, suffering was unknown to me" (p. 15). Tanaka
        had thirteen children, eight of whom were born before
        she was 31. She worked as a migrant farm worker,
        cook, laundress, and mother. The only times that she
        felt she had enough money to support her family were
        when her husband was in prison, when they were in
        the internment camps of World War II, and finally,
        when her husband died. Tanaka became a U.S. citizen
        in 1980, 57 years after coming to the United States.
        When asked by her daughter why she decided to be¬
        come a citizen, Tanaka tells her:
           I have to protect myself. . . . America will be facing hard
           times. They won't be helping foreigners. I've been here since
           1923—57 years! I have 11 children ... 22 grandchildren.
           All American citizens! I should be entitled to citizenship,
           but I'm still considered a foreigner, (p. 108)


 425. Tanimoto, Charles Katsumu. Return to Mahaulepu: Per¬
         sonal Sketches.  Honolulu: C. K. Tanimoto, 1982.
         ISBN: none. 180 pages; photographs; maps.
        Tanimoto explains that being a Nisei means looking
        Japanese and being raised Japanese by Japanese parents.
        The conflict arises, then, when the Nisei, adapting to
        their new culture, do not meet with the expectations of
        their parents. Tanimoto faced this dilemma when he
        chose to attend school rather than to follow the wishes
        of his parents and stay at home to help with the farm.
        His family had moved to a one-acre farm which they
        cultivated intensely to produce food to sell and to feed
        the family. Originally they were plantation workers,
        and Tanimoto provides a colorful description of life
                     The Bibliography                          207



        on the plantations, the variety of cultures represented,
        and how the various groups adopted each others' cul¬
        tures, especially food and celebratory traditions. Tan-
        imoto briefly describes the internment of Japanese
        Americans after the bombing of Pearl Harbor, and in
        retrospect is quite bitter over the emotional burden
        brought upon himself and others. He writes: "When
        war broke out, why did I burn or destroy books, pic¬
        tures, and artifacts simply because they carried memo¬
        ries of the old country? Why did I have to go through
        physical pain and frequent humiliation to prove my
        loyalty to my country. . . ?" (p. 136).

426. Tarry, Ellen.The Third Door: The Autobiography of an
        American Negro Woman. The Library of Alabama
        Classics. Tuscaloosa: University of Alabama Press,
        1992. ISBN: 0817305793. 319 pages.
        Originally published New York: D. McKay Co., 1955.

427. Taulbert, Clifton L. The Last Train North. Tulsa, Okla¬
        homa: Council Oaks Books, 1992. ISBN: 0933031629.
        205 pages; photographs.
        Note: Also published New York: Penguin, 1995. ISBN:
        0140244786.
        Taulbert writes about his youthful dream of traveling
        north in style: namely, as a passenger on the train.
        Taulbert took one of the last trains to St. Louis before
        passenger service was discontinued at his local stop in
        Greenville, Mississippi. Upon his arrival in St. Louis,
        Taulbert found that the reality of the material and so¬
        cial conditions for African Americans in the north was
        vastly different from his dream of equality, freedom,
        and economic plenty. Housing and employment pos¬
        sibilities were scarce for Taulbert despite the lack of of¬
        ficial Jim Crow. Taulbert arrived in St. Louis in the
        early 1960s just as the war in Vietnam was escalating,
        and social unrest related to racial tensions and the war
        was fomenting. To avoid being drafted, he enlisted in
        the Air Force. Taulbert describes his time in the mili¬
        tary, which provided him with his first experience
        with integration.
208        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



 428. —.    Once Upon a Time When We Were Colored.             Tulsa,
           Oklahoma: Council Oak Books, 1989.                  ISBN:
           093303119X. 153 pages; photographs.
           Note: Also published as When We Were Colored.
           New York: Penguin, 1995. ISBN: 0140244778.
           Although Taulbert is descended from black landown¬
           ers, his family's land was lost, and this story is about
           the "mostly landless people, the coloreds, who lived in
           Glen Allan and other small southern towns during
           the last years of segregation" (p. 6). Taulbert writes that
           for him the everyday joys and sorrows of childhood
           were enough to shield him from awareness of segrega¬
           tion and its implications. As he grew older, however,
           reality was harder and harder to ignore or accept. He
           began high school in 1959, five years after the Brown v.
           Topeka Board of Education decision, but segregation
           was still the law in his community. Taulbert com¬
           muted over 100 miles a day in order to attend a black
           high school even though the all-white high school
           was just blocks from his house. He went north to at¬
           tend college, but even there he ran into difficulty with
           the limited employment opportunities open to
           African Americans, and it took him eight years to
           graduate, working all day and attending classes at
           night. Taulbert also describes his community, and
           daily activities. Politics were considered "white folks'
           business," and were not discussed, at least within the
           hearing of children. But Taulbert has a vivid memory
           of a large church meeting which was held to send off a
           representative from the community to an NAACP na¬
           tional meeting in Baltimore. Taulbert emphasizes the
           security provided to children and all members of the
           community by the closeness and sense of shared re¬
           sponsibility in the African American communities of
           the rural South.

 429. Taylor, Prince Albert (1907-).     The Life of My Years.
         Nashville: Abingdon, 1983. ISBN: 0687218543. 152
         pages; photographs; bibliography.
           In relating the recent history of the Methodist Episco¬
           pal Church and the issues of race which it reacted and
                    The Bibliography                        209



        responded to over the years, Taylor presents his own
        contributions and experiences within the institution,
        and the circumstances which led to his ordination,
        election to the position of Bishop, and work in Liberia.
        The Methodist Episcopal Church had a strong mission
        program at home and abroad, and Taylor discusses its
        successes and failures in pursuing this mission specifi¬
        cally in Liberia, and among African Americans in the
        United States.     Taylor concludes his work with a
        summary of the progress made by both African Ameri¬
        cans and women within the existing United Methodist
        Church. (The Methodist Episcopal Church is a distinct
        organization from the African Methodist Episcopal
        Church, and one of many Methodist church bodies
        which through various mergers became part of the
        United Methodist Church in 1968.)

430. Te Ata. As 1 Remember It. Written with Jane Werner
        Watson. Ranchos de Taos, New Mexico: Assembled by
        D. A. Bennett, 1989. ISBN: none. 205 leaves; photo¬
        graphs.

        Te Ata was born in Oklahoma, a member of the Chick¬
        asaw Nation and a descendant of both the Choctaw
        and Chickasaw tribes. She stopped using her "school
        name" and began using only her tribal name, Te Ata,
        after joining a touring Chautauqua tent show as one of
        three Native American girls of different tribes who
        would present their traditional culture. Te Ata de¬
        scribes her experiences on the Chautauqua circuit and
        her progression to world-wide tours as a solo per¬
        former.

431. Teamoh, George (1818-1883?).  God Made Man, Man Made
        the Slave: The Autobiography of George Teamoh. Ed.
       Nash Boney, Rafia Zafar and Richard L. Hume. Ma¬
       con: Mercer, 1990. ISBN: 0865543682. 219 pages; illus¬
       trations; photographs; bibliography.
       Note: Historical and critical commentary provided by
       the editors.
       This autobiography was written as the era of Recon¬
       struction came to an end. In it, Teamoh looks back on
210      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         his years as a slave, the period of his life after he es¬
         caped to the North, and then, finally, after Emancipa¬
         tion, returning to Virginia and taking part in radical
         politics during a time when there was hope that condi¬
         tions would improve for newly freed African Ameri¬
         cans. As a slave, Teamoh believed his mistress to be a
         generous and good person. He had a certain amount
         of freedom of movement and was able to teach him¬
         self reading, writing, and arithmetic in secret (he
         writes that the master of the slave was deemed as
         guilty as the slave under the law which forbade slaves
         to learn to read and write). Teamoh was married, but
         his wife and three children belonged to another fam¬
         ily, who sold them. The two oldest children were
         taken and sold separately. The wife and youngest child
         were sold together. Teamoh describes the heartbreak
         of this separation, and his attempts to provide his wife
         some comfort. "I now leave Sfally] at Fortress Monroe
         where, on the most trifling pretense she is clubbed to
         the earth by her young Master, then only about thir¬
         teen years of age. His father, however, chastised him
         for thus maiming a valuable piece of 'property'" (p.
         91). Virginia law made it difficult for owners to man¬
         umit their slaves, and Teamoh believes that his mis¬
         tress made it clear that she intended to aid him in es¬
         caping to the North when she hired him out to a ship
         which was bound for Germany and that would dock in
         New York before returning to Virginia. Teamoh did
         go back to Virginia toward the end of the Civil War to
         attempt to locate his wife and to visit his former
         mistress. After Emancipation, he was elected to sev¬
         eral terms as a State Senator. He writes in detail about
         his political activities and other activists, and of his ar¬
         gument with organized religion and its practice of seg¬
         regation and generally inhumane treatment of African
         Americans, particularly in the South.

 432. Terry, Wallace, ed. Bloods, an Oral History of the Viet¬
         nam War. New York: Random House, 1984. ISBN:
         0394530284. 311 pages; photographs; glossary.
                     The Bibliography                                  211



        Note: Also published with title Bloods, An Oral His¬
        tory of the Vietnam War By Black Veterans. New
        York: Ballantine Books, 1992. ISBN: 0345376668.
        Terry describes the term "Bloods" which he uses to
        identify his subjects in this collection of oral histories.
           [M]any [were] just steps removed from marching in the Civil
           Rights Movement or rioting in the rebellions that swept the
           urban ghettos from Harlem to Watts. All were filled with a
           sense of black pride and purpose. They spoke loudest against
           the discrimination they encountered on the battlefield. . . .
           They chose not to overlook the racial insults ... of their
           white com-rades. . . . They called for unity among black
           brothers on the battlefield. ... (p. xvi)
        Terry collected these oral histories to provide historical
        documentation of the African American presence in
        Vietnam. The 20 individuals represent a cross section
        of military branches and positions, and economic and
        social backgrounds. These veterans write about how
        they came to be in the military, their experiences in
        training and in Vietnam, their reactions to what was
        required and expected of them there, how their experi¬
        ence may have been determined by their race, and
        their homecoming, whether as a civilian or in an ex¬
        tended career with the military. They describe how, if
        necessary, they've reconciled their actions in Vietnam
        with their personal values and sense of morality. The
        absolute horror of war is made all too clear through
        these narratives.

433. Thomas, Piri (1928-). Down These Mean Streets. New
       York: Vintage Books, 1991. ISBN: 0679732381. 334
       pages.
       Originally published New York: Knopf, 1967.

434. Thompson, Era Bell (1907-).     American Daughter. St.
       Paul: Minnesota Historical Society Press, 1986. ISBN:
       0873512014. 296 pages.
       Originally published Chicago: University of Chicago
       Press, 1946; Chicago: Follet Publishing, 1967; Chicago:
       University of Chicago Press, 1974.

435. Thompson, Gerald (1956-).  Reflections of an Oreo-Cookie:
        Growing Up Black in the 1960's. Monroe, New York:
212      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         Library Research Associates,      Inc.,   1991.   ISBN:
         091252653X. 125 pages.
         As his father lies dying from cancer, Thompson looks
         back on his life, and the work of his mother and father
         raising and sustaining the family. He emphasizes that
         he was raised by two loving and caring parents, that
         neither he nor his siblings were involved in crime or
         drugs, and that none of his parents' many siblings
         were divorced or involved in any type of criminal
         activity. This, however, did not mean that he and the
         members of his family were not subject to judgments
         based on negative stereotypes. When they moved into
         a predominantly white area, the neighbors assumed
         that Thompsons' father was the gardener, and the
         police stopped by to see what they were doing in the
         neighborhood. As the neighbors realized that the
         Thompsons were indeed neighbors and not the hired
         help, the family became the victims of vandalism,
         threatening phone calls, and other abuse. School was
         also difficult for Thompson.      After adjusting to a
         predominantly white elementary school, he began
         attending a racially mixed high school and found
         himself unacceptable to both the white and black
         students. He writes that he tried to walk a middle line,
         but that this was not a solution for him. In writing
         this book, Thompson is attempting to free himself of
         the bitterness that he developed after years of being
         pre-judged, discriminated against, and verbally and
         physically abused.

 436. Tiulana, Paul (1921-). A Place for Winter: Paul Tiulana's
         Story. Written with Vivian Senungetuk. Anchorage:
         CIRI Foundation, 1987. ISBN: 0938227025. 125 pages;
         photographs.

         Tiulana, considered to be a representative of his peo¬
         ple, has played a major role in assisting his own people
         and other Alaska Natives with adjustment to urban
         life. Tiulana narrates this story with a strong sense of
         regret for the loss of native culture and ways of life.
         He provides the reader with a description of what life
         was like before the American government stepped in
                      The Bibliography                                    213



         and a glimpse of what life is like now that everything
         has changed. Tiulana tells the reader, "I do not know
         what the government is trying to do for Native people.
         A lot of times, I just reject the idea of the BIA [Bureau
         of Indian Affairs]" (p. 39). And he concludes his work
         with these words:
           When the government first came into the villages. Native
           people did not have any lawyers, state troopers, policemen,
           jails or correctional centers. The government started to in¬
           fluence us, telling us we required these agencies which were
           not required before, because we had our own system. I did
           not see any child abuse in our village when I was young. We
           did not have any alcohol or drug problems when I was
           young. We did not have divorces. We could integrate both
           systems if the government sat down with us and made plans
           to educate our children the modern way and the village
           way, to satisfy both sides. ... We can teach them the Es¬
           kimo ways because they are the best ways for our people.
           And we can make a contribution to modern American soci¬
           ety. (p. 42)

437. Tobuk, Frank. Frank Tobuk, Evansville. Interviews con¬
        ducted and text prepared by Curt Madison and Yvonne
       Yarber. Alaska Series. British Columbia: Hancock
        House, 1980. ISBN: 0888390645. 64 pages; photographs;
       maps.
         Tobuk describes the traditional Eskimo ways and the
         changes that have occurred since contact with Euro¬
         peans. He recounts stories told to him by his grand¬
        mother about the very first white men to arrive. He
        also recalls the lost tradition of the medicine men and
        women. He writes: "I don't know if it would do young
        people much good to learn all of the Eskimo ways.
        They should know a little bit about the old ways of liv-
        ing. Like hunting. . . . Young Native people might
        need to know some of this to help them in the future"
        (p. 62).
        For a brief description and list of autobiographies in
        this Yukon-Koyukuk School District series, see the en¬
        try for Moses Henzie.

438. Torrence, Jackie. The Importance of Pot Liquor. Little
        Rock, Arkansas: August House Publishers, Inc., 1994.
        ISBN: 0874833388. 135 pages; photographs; map.
214     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



        Jackie Torrence writes about growing up in North
        Carolina with her grandmother and grandfather.
        Through her own story, she provides a background
        for the Uncle Remus stories she grew up with and for
        which she has become well known. Each of the three
        autobiographical chapters is followed by a selection of
        the stories as they were told to her when she was a
        child.

 439. Trask, Haunani-Kay. From a Native Daughter: Colonial¬
        ism and Sovereignty in Hawaii.   Monroe, Maine:
        Common Courage Press, 1993.       ISBN: 1567510094:
        1567510086. 301 pages; photographs; illustrations.
        These essays are, as the subtitle suggests, political in
        nature. Several, however, deal with specific events in
        Trask's life, her personal responses to U.S. colonialism
        in Hawaii, and the white historian's interpretation of
        Hawaii. Trask notes that there is only one history of
        the islands written by a native Hawaiian, Lilikala
        Kame'eleihiwa, Native Land and Foreign Desires.
        Honolulu: Bishop Museum Press, 1992. The essays
        which have significant autobiographical content are
        the following: "From a Native Daughter"; "What Do
        You Mean 'We,' White Man?"; "Racism Against
        Native Hawaiians at the University of Hawaii"; and
        "The Politics of Academic Freedom as the Politics of
        White Racism."

 440. Travis, Dempsey J. (1920-). An Autobiography of Black
         Chicago. Chicago: Urban Research Institute, 1981.
         ISBN: 0941484009. 378 pages; photographs; bibliogra¬
         phy.
         Travis writes about his own life within the context of
         the history of his family and the history of African
         Americans in Chicago from about 1840. With the aid
         of census statistics and interviews, Travis discusses the
         conditions of African Americans in Chicago from a
         time when there were just a few black families,
         through the growth of the population as African
         Americans migrated from the South. He traces the
         evolution of legislation which first restricted the rights
                     The Bibliography                                   215


        and opportunities of the black citizens, and then the
        slow changes that took place between the repeal of the
        Illinois "Black Laws" in 1865 and open-housing legisla¬
        tion in the 1960s and 1970s. Travis focuses on the issue
        of property for African Americans, a natural interest
        stemming from his work in real estate and banking.
        He concludes his book with sixteen brief narratives by
        prominent African American men and women of
        Chicago, providing their personal perspective of the
        city.

441. Travis, Dempsey J. (1920-).I Refuse to Learn to Fail: The
        Autobiography of Dempsey J. Travis. Chicago: Urban
        Research Press, 1992. ISBN: 0941484122.             198 pages;
        photographs; illustrations; bibliography.
        Travis, at the age of 6, announced to his parents that
        he planned to be wealthy, and he began, with limited
        success, his entrepreneurial career that same year.
        This autobiography is about Travis's determination to
        succeed despite the many barriers he faced as an
        African American. His first occupation out of school
       was as a jazz pianist. This lasted until he was drafted
       into the army during World War II. He was trans¬
       ferred to Camp Shenango, where Jim Crow was the
       rule and conditions for African American soldiers
       were far below acceptable standards. Upon his dis¬
       charge, Travis was still determined to make it in the
       business world, but found himself undereducated and
       under skilled. He decided to attend Roosevelt College,
       a rare institution in the largely-segregated Chicago of
       the 1940s.
          In 1948, the spirit of brotherhood that permeated
          [Roosevelt] University was unlike anything I had experi¬
          enced. Every morning when I stepped inside the university I
          was enveloped with a feeling of hope for Black Americans.
          But, each afternoon when I stepped outside onto Michigan
          Avenue, I was jarred back to the realization that Roosevelt
          University did not mirror the real world, (p. 108)
       Travis began his real estate career after graduating
       from Roosevelt. He describes conditions for African
       Americans looking for housing and loans throughout
       the 1950s and 60s and into the 70s. He relates his own
       role in bettering conditions in Chicago in particular.
216      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



        but also nationally.   He was part of the National
        Association of Real Estate Brokers (NAREB), a black
        real estate organization of "realtists," so called to
        distinguish themselves from "realtors" who were
        members of a comparable national organization which
        at that time did not admit African Americans into
        their membership.    He served as president of the
        Dearborn Real Estate Board, and had personal contact,
        either through appointment to committees or as a
        spokesperson on housing issues, with every President
        from Kennedy to Reagan. Travis emphasizes his belief
        that potential African American role models should
        stay visible in traditionally African American
        communities.

                          Me and Rosemary, Revolutionary
 442. Travis, Nancy (1962-).
         Teens: A Memoir of Third World Girls. N.p.: N.
         Travis, 1986. ISBN: none. 29 pages.

 443. Tsuchida, John Nobuya, ed.       Reflections: Memoirs of
         Japanese American     Women   in Minnesota. Covina,
         California: Pacific Asia Press: Distributed by Multicul¬
         tural Distributing Center, 1994. ISBN: 1879600226. 434
         pages; illustrations; photographs; bibliography.
         These narratives are written by fourteen women who
         were evacuated from the West Coast. Some chose to
         relocate to Minnesota immediately (and by doing so,
         bypassed the internment camps altogether), others
         were released to attend college there, and chose to stay
         after finishing their studies. The women give some
         family history, and describe their experiences after
         Pearl Harbor and their subsequent lives in Minnesota.

 444. Tsukamoto, Mary. We the People: A Story of Internment
         in America. Written with Elizabeth Pinkerton. Elk
         Grove, California: Laguna Publishers, 1987.   ISBN:
         0944665411:094466542X. 295 pages; photographs; bibli¬
         ography.
         Tsukamoto writes of growing up with racism that in¬
         tensified as the Japanese community in Florin, Cali¬
         fornia, grew and prospered. This racism, which was
                    The Bibliography                         217



        encouraged by the yellow journalism of the main¬
        stream press, set the stage for the war-time hysteria
        that resulted first in curfews and restricted travel, and
        ended with mass evacuation and internment in ten
        camps scattered throughout the interior of the United
        States. Tsukamoto describes the days leading up to re¬
        location, the Japanese traditions that were partly re¬
        sponsible for the lack of protest within the commu¬
        nity, and her camp life and the years following her
        family's release from the camp. Tsukamoto discusses
        the emotional toll the humiliation of discrimination,
        segregation, and incarceration had on the Japanese
        community. Her own sister committed suicide shortly
        after the war's end. Tsukamoto documents how the
        Japanese American community recovered both spiri¬
        tually and economically from the many losses they
        suffered during the war.

445. Tubbee, Okah (b. 1810 or 11-). The Life of Okah Tuhbee.
        Written with Daniel F. Littlefield. Lincoln: University
        of Nebraska Press, 1988. ISBN: 0803228708. 159 pages;
        bibliography.
        Okah Tubbee, originally named Warner McCary, was a
        slave in Natchez, Mississippi. His mother and broth¬
        ers were given their freedom at the death of their mas¬
        ter, but Tubbee, who may have had a different parent¬
        age from his brothers, was willed to his "family" and
        he remained enslaved. He escaped this miserable situ¬
        ation by becoming an itinerant musician and doctor
        and creating an identity for himself as the long-lost
        son of a Choctaw Indian Chief. This autobiography
        was originally published to promote Tubbee's musi¬
        cal/healing tours, and to establish his Native Ameri¬
        can identity. Tubbee's narrative paints a picture of the
        conditions for both blacks and native peoples in the
        Old South during the Nineteenth Century. He also
        describes his travels performing on musical instru¬
        ments of his own design and working as a medical
        man.
218      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



 446. Turki, Fawaz (1940-).  Exile's Return: The Making of a
        Palestinian   American. New York: The Free Press,
        1994. ISBN: 0029327253. 274 pages.
        Note: Turki's previous autobiographical work is en¬
        titled The Disinherited: Journal of a Palestinian Exile.
        With an Epilogue 1974. New York: Monthly Review
        Press, 1974.   2nd ed.     (1st edition, 1972).   ISBN:
        0853452482.
        As the title of this book suggests, Turki writes of the
        emotional implications of living as an exile, an indi¬
        vidual without a home. He explores his changing feel¬
        ings toward his identity as a Palestinian, his changing
        view of, and fluctuating involvement in the Palestine
        Liberation Organization (PLO), and the significance of
        the peace agreement between Israel and the PLO to the
        4,000,000 exiled Palestinians living around the world.
        Turki provides glimpses into his childhood in the area
        now called Palestine before the mass exodus of
        refugees in 1948, his travels throughout the world, his
        writing and political career, and the feelings of futility
        and anomie which resulted in his long bout with al¬
        cohol and cocaine abuse.

447. Turner, B. Alfred (1908-). From a Plow to a Doctorate, So
        What? Houston: B. A. Turner: Wheeler Avenue Bap¬
        tist Church, 1985. ISBN: none. 116 pages.
        Originally published Hampton, Virginia: B. A. Turner,
        Burke and Gregory, 1945.

448. Twofeathers, Manny.     My Road to the Sundance [sic].
       Phoenix: Wo-Pila Publishing, 1994. ISBN: 1886340048.
       204 pages; photographs.

        Twofeathers, born in Arizona and of Aztec descent, de¬
        scribes his work as a craftsmen and itinerant merchant
        of traditional Native American objects. While travel¬
        ing in Utah to attend a Native American festival, he
        observed a Shoshone Sun Dance. Overwhelmed with
        a sense of energy and spirituality, Twofeathers later
        experienced a vision which haunted him until he was
        able to become a participant in this sacred event. In
        this book, Twofeathers describes his participation in
                    The Bibliography                         219



        both the Shoshone Sun Dances in Utah, and in the
        Lakota Sun Dances held in South Dakota. He explains
        the significance of his commitment to take part in the
        ritual and its impact on his life.

449. Uchida,   Yoshiko.     Desert Exile: The Uprooting of a
        Japanese Family.    Seattle: University of Washington
        Press, 1982. ISBN: 0295958987. 154 pages; photographs.
        Note: Reissued University of Washington Press, 1989.
        ISBN: 0295961902.

         Uchida begins her story with a detailed description of
         her family and life in Berkeley, California, during her
         childhood and youth. Her parents were Issei, born and
         educated in Japan. Uchida and her sister were anxious
         to blend in with their predominantly white neighbor¬
         hood, but found as they grew older that they were
         more comfortable and secure with Japanese friends.
         Uchida's experience at the University of California at
         Berkeley was one of almost complete social segrega¬
         tion.  The family, however, did have close white
        friends, including the neighbors on either side of
        them, and these friends continued to offer support and
        affection while the Uchidas were incarcerated by the
        U.S. government during World War II. The first half
        of the book, focusing on family and daily life, contrasts
        dramatically with the description of life after the
        bombing of Pearl Harbor. Changes for the family were
        immediate. In less than 24 hours, Uchida's father was
        arrested and imprisoned; Japanese Americans were
        confronted with hatred and violence; rumors were en¬
        larged and spread by the media; and soon all Japanese
        Americans in California were evacuated and incarcer¬
        ated. Uchida writes that she tells her story "for the
        young Japanese Americans who seek a sense of conti¬
        nuity with their past," and "for all Americans, with
        the hope that through knowledge of the past, they will
        never allow another group of people in America to be
        sent into a desert exile ever again" (p. 154).

450. Uchida, Yoshiko (1921-1992).     The Invisible Thread.
       Needham, Massachusetts: Silver Burdett Gin, 1987.
       ISBN: 0663585651. 136 pages; photographs.
220      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         Note: Also Published Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey: J.
         Messner, 1991. In My Own Words. ISBN: 0671741632:
         0671741640.
         This is Uchida's young-reader version of her life in
         Berkeley, California, and her experiences with her
         family in the internment camps of World War II. See
         annotation for Desert Exile, above.

 451. Valencia, Heather.    Queen of Dreams: The Story of a
         Yaqui   Dreaming   Woman. With Roily Kent. New
        York: Simon & Schuster, 1991. ISBN: 0671694472. 271
        pages.
        Note: Also published New York: Fireside Books/
        Simon & Schuster, 1993. ISBN: 0671797239.
        Part Cherokee on her father's side, a fact denied by the
        rest of her family, Valencia describes a childhood of
        sexual abuse and then an adulthood of troubled rela¬
        tionships with men. She provides examples of her
        psychic powers and the prophetic dreams which she
        has experienced since early childhood. She is led by
        her dreams to a Yaqui reservation in Arizona, where
        she becomes the lover and student of the Yaqui spiri¬
        tual leader.

 452. Vega, Bernardo (1885-).   Memoirs of Bernardo Vega: A
        Contribution to the History of the Puerto Rican Com¬
        munity in New York.       Ed. Cesar Andreu Iglesia.
        Translated by Juan Flores.     New York: Monthly
        Review Press, 1984. ISBN: 0853456550:0853456569. 243
        pages; photographs.
        Note: Originally published in Spanish as Memorias de
        Bernardo Vega. Ediciones Huracan, 1977.
        Vega arrived in New York from colonized Puerto Rico
        on the eve of World War I, a committed Socialist. He
        described himself as a white peasant from the high¬
        lands and a cigar-roller by profession. Many of the
        Cubans and Puerto Ricans coming to New York were
        tabaqueros looking for work in cigar factories. How¬
        ever, work was hard to find, and Vega started working
        in the burgeoning munitions industry. Later in life he
        operated his own small cigar factory. As the title sug-
                    The Bibliography                          221



        gests, Vega's book tells not only his own story, but the
        history of his family, and of the Puerto Rican commu¬
        nity in New York. He recounts their role in the Antil¬
        lean Revolution against Spain in the late 19th century,
        and their ongoing activism in the cause of Puerto Ri¬
        can citizenship and sovereignty. Vega was, himself, a
        leader in the fight against Puerto Rico’s colonial status.
        He was also active in the Socialist Party, supporting the
        cause of Republican Spain during the Spanish Civil
        War, supporting local Socialist candidates, fighting for
        labor rights, and against the media war waged against
        the Puerto Rican community in the United States.

453. Vera Cruz, Philip.Philip Vera Cruz: A Personal History
        of Filipino Immigrants and the Farmworkers [sic]
        Movement. Ed. Glenn Omatsu and Augusto Espiritu.
        Los Angeles: UCLA Labor Center, Institute of Indus¬
        trial Relations and UCLA Asian American Studies
        Center, 1992. ISBN: 0934052166. 155 pages; photo¬
        graphs; bibliography.
        Philip Vera Cruz left for the United States in 1926 in¬
        tending to study, raise money, and return to the
        Philippines in a few years. He returned 60 years later.
        Although his American teachers in the Philippines
        had taught him about the opportunities in the United
        States, Vera Cruz found that these were not available
        to him as a Filipino and a member of a racial minority.
        Unable to complete school because of the difficulty of
        earning enough money for himself and his family in
        the Philippines, Vera Cruz eventually worked his way
       to California and the grape fields: "My life here was
       always just a matter of survival. It was always an
       emergency and I was never ready to go back. That's
       the way it has been for most of us Filipino old-timers"
       (p. 24). His story documents the little-known role of
       the Filipino workers in the development and success
       of the United Farm Workers Union (UFW).            Vera
       Cruz served as Second Vice-President on the UFW
       board for 12 years. He resigned that position because of
       his disagreements with the way the union was oper¬
       ated. Vera Cruz's story provides a new dimension to
       the history of the UFW and to the history of the Fil-
222      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         ipinos in the United States. This work includes a bib¬
         liography of books on Filipino immigrant labor history
         prepared by Augusto Espiritu.

 454. Verghese, Abraham.   My Own Country: A Doctor's Story
         of a Town and Its People in the Age of AIDS. New
         York: Simon & Schuster, 1994. ISBN: 0671785141. 347
         pages.
         Note: Also published New York: Vintage Books, 1995.
         ISBN: 0679752927.
         Verghese was born in Ethiopia to parents from Kerala,
         India. He received his medical education in India and
         his residency in internal medicine through East Ten¬
         nessee State University. Verghese specialized in infec¬
         tious diseases at Boston City University, where, in
         1983, he worked with his first AIDS patient. This expe¬
         rience was prior to the discovery of HIV or standard
         methods of diagnosis. By the time he had completed
         his training in Boston and decided to return to East
         Tennessee, the HIV connection with AIDS had been
         discovered. Verghese writes about the steady growth
         of AIDS cases during his five years in East Tennessee,
         and his coinciding educational efforts in the gay com¬
         munity.    He tells the stories of some of his patients,
         his own professional and emotional involvement
         with them, and the effect of his work on his family. In
         1989, Verghese left behind 80 patients at East Ten¬
         nessee to be part of an outpatient AIDS clinic at the
         University of Iowa Hospitals.

                                The Sexuality of a Black
 455. Villa, Louis Arthur (1932-).
        American: One Man's Sexual Biography. Oakland,
         California: Ashford Press Publication, 1981.                ISBN:
         0931290538. 220 pages; photographs.
         Villa, after describing his childhood and school age
         years, goes on to discuss his attraction to white women
         and to sex in general. He writes:
            If you're wondering just what I've gained by this activity be¬
            sides a busy sex life, the best answer I can give is I have
            achieved a knowledge and developed a confidence that I can
            use in a white controlled society, knowing that this majority
                     The Bibliography                                   223



           is not to be awed or feared and its vulnerability is fully ex¬
           posed. (Introduction)


456. Villar Ruiz, David. A Soul in Exile: A Chicano Lost in
        Occupied Land. New York: Vantage Press, 1981. ISBN:
        053304720X. 83 pages.
        Villar Ruiz took part in La Marcha de la Reconquista, a
        series of marches and demonstrations in California
        that began May 27, 1971, in Calexico and continued un¬
        til August 13, 1971, in Sacramento. These demonstra¬
        tions, sponsored by the Brown Berets and the National
        Chicano Moratorium, were held to protest police bru¬
        tality and overrepresentation of Chicanos and African
        Americans in the prisons and on the Vietnam War
        casualty lists. Villar Ruiz had returned from active
        duty in Vietnam the year before and begun under¬
        graduate studies when he became involved with
        MECHA (Movimento Estudiani Chicano Aztlan). He
        provides some insight into the reality of violence as a
        way of life for many Chicano youth because of the on¬
        going barrio rivalries and the never-ending chain of
        defense and revenge. Villar Ruiz gives numerous
        examples of deaths caused by overzealous policemen,
        problems of discrimination in the schools and in the
        job market, and the limited opportunities that lead to
        alcohol and drug abuse as a panacea. Taking part in
        the nearly three-month-long march from Calexico on
        the U.S./Mexican border to the state capitol in Sacra¬
        mento gave Villar Ruiz time to contemplate Chicano
        people from his past and present, as well as those he
        met through chance encounter during the march; his
        own place within the Chicano culture and the larger
        "European-American" culture in the U.S.; his motiva¬
        tion for marching and the sense of confidence that par¬
        ticipation in the movement afforded him; and what
        the future holds for him and for all Chicanos.

457. Villasenor, Victor.  Walking Stars: Stories of Magic and
        Power.     Houston: Pinata Books, 1994.         ISBN:
        1558851186. 202 pages.
        These stories about Villasenor's childhood from his
        family's past are about overcoming odds, and miracu-
224      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         lous and unexplainable occurrences. Villasenor wants
         to show that there is a "magic power" in life that is
         waiting below the surface to come out when you most
         need it. He tells his sons that these stories are not just
         stories of fantasy, but of "great-awful pain and heart¬
         break, confusion and self-hate and doubt" (p. 10-11)
         and what it takes to get beyond those pains. Some of
         these stories are included in Villasenor's historical
         work about his mother and father and their families:
         Rain of Gold. Houston: Arte Publico Press, 1991.
         ISBN: 1558850309.

 458. Villegas de Magnon, Leonor. The Rebel. Ed. Clara Lomas.
          Houston: Arte Publico Press, 1994. ISBN: 1558850562.
          297 pages; photographs; bibliographies; glossary; index
          of names.
         In Rebel, Villegas de Magnon covers the events of her
         life, and the changes which took place in Mexico from
         her birth in 1876 to the death of Venustiano Carranza
         in 1920. She was born in Mexico and educated in Texas
         and New York. She subsequently taught elementary
         school in the border area of Texas, and it was during
         this time that she began her participation in the Mexi¬
         can Revolution, which is the focus of her narrative
         (the title, "Rebel," refers to herself). One of Villegas de
         Magnon's accomplishments was the establishment of
         La Cruz Blanca, a medical organization that served the
         forces of Carranza. She also tells about the largely un¬
         sung heroines who worked with her in the Revolu¬
         tion, many of whom were writers active in alternative
         newspapers and journals published north of the U.S.
         border with Mexico.

 459. Viloria, Jose B. (1942-). The Rugged Terrain: A True Story
         of Life Survival. San Dimas, California: SGV Publish¬
         ers, 1994. ISBN: none. 485 pages; photographs.
         In this rags to riches story, Viloria takes the reader
         from his birth in a besieged village in the Philippines
         in 1942, through his sickly childhood and youth, medi¬
         cal studies pursued at the insistence of his father, and
         then medical practice in the United States. His pro-
                    The Bibliography                         225



        gression to success was not without detours, however.
        He had to redo some of his medical education to be li¬
        censed in California, ran into various legal problems
        with partners in two different hospital operations,
        raised a daughter who, born prematurely, suffered
        from several physical and psychological problems, and
        saw both himself and his wife through serious ill¬
        nesses. He describes all of the challenges and rewards
        of his life in this autobiography. Professionally, Vilo-
        ria is a practicing internist, health care management
        executive, president and CEO of ten different corpora¬
        tions which together are called the SGV Group of
        Companies, the publisher of, and writer for The Los
        Angeles Free Press (a Filipino American newspaper),
        and the chairman of various charitable organizations.

460. Vizenor, Gerald (1934-). "Crows Written on the Poplars:
        Autocritical Autobiographies." I Tell You Now: Auto¬
        biographical Essays by Native American Writers. Ed.
        Brian Swann and Arnold Krupat. Lincoln: University
        of Nebraska Press, 1987. ISBN: 0803227140.
        See entry under Swann, Brian for a complete list of au¬
        thors included in this anthology. This essay is also in¬
        cluded in Krupat's Native American Autobiography.
        Madison: University of Wisconsin Press, 1994 (see sep¬
        arate entry).

                                   Interior Landscapes: Au¬
461. Vizenor, Gerald Robert (1934-).
        tobiographical Myths and Metaphors.   Minneapolis:
        University of Minnesota Press,          1990.    ISBN:
        0816618488. 279 pages; photographs.
       In this highly imagistic work, Vizenor describes his
       childhood growing up in a series of foster homes and
       with his unstable mother in Minnesota. His father, a
       Chippewa Indian from the White Earth Reservation,
       was murdered at the age of 26. After two years in the
       National Guard (beginning at age 16), Vizenor joined
       the army and traveled to Japan, where he was part of
       the occupational forces during the early fifties. He was
       heavily influenced by Japanese culture, and began
       writing haiku. Vizenor's first published book was a
226      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         collection of haiku. After his return to the United
         States and the completion of his formal studies,
         Vizenor worked as a journalist and a university pro¬
         fessor. He describes his experiences in these profes¬
         sions, and how his work in both fields has affected his
         understanding of his Native American heritage and
         his absorption of Japanese culture.

 462. Wade-Gayles, Gloria Jean.  Pushed Back to Strength: A
         Black Woman's Journey Home. Boston: Beacon Press,
         1993. ISBN: 0807009229. 276 pages; photographs.
         Note: Also published New York: Avon Books, 1995.
         ISBN: 038072426X.
         Wade-Gayles, a professor at Spelman College, counters
         accepted stereotypes of "life in the projects" by describ¬
         ing her own happy and secure childhood growing up
         in a carefully-maintained housing project in the Jim
         Crow-era South amidst a closely-knit family and a
         wide circle of caring and involved neighbors. She
         credits her family and neighborhood, along with her
         black church and teachers, with instilling in her a
         strong self-concept and a sense of dignity. Most impor¬
         tantly, Wade-Gayles focuses on the importance of the
         transmission of a rich culture from one generation to
         the next; she believes that the knowledge of being part
         of a wider culture—specifically a black culture with
         African roots—is essential for developing self-esteem.
         Wade-Gayles also describes her participation in the
         Civil Rights Movement and discusses the complica¬
         tions presented by black-white friendships and al¬
         liances. Johnetta Cole, President of Spelman, writes in
         the forward to this work that "the recollections of one
         black woman become the mirror into which each of us
         can see how alike and how different we are. We can
         encounter the exquisite diversity and amazing similar¬
         ity in the human condition" (p. viii).

 463. Walker, Margaret (1915-).    How I Wrote Jubilee and Other
         Essays on Life and Literature. Ed. Maryemma Graham.
         New York: Feminist Press at The City University of
         New York, 1990. ISBN: 1558610030:1558610049. 157
         pages; portrait; bibliography.
                    The Bibliography                         22 7



        This is a collection of speeches and essays selected and
        edited by Maryemma Graham. The works in Part I:
        "Growing Out of Shadow" provide the most autobio¬
        graphical information. They are entitled "Growing
        Out of Shadow," "How I Told My Child About Race,"
        "Willing to Pay the Price," "Black Women in
        Academia," "Richard Wright," and "How I Wrote Ju¬
        bilee." These essays portray Walker's encounter with
        racism from her earliest childhood experiences
        through adulthood, her struggles to support her family
        and complete her education, her friendship with
        Richard Wright, and the lifetime of work and experi¬
        ence that led up to her writing the noted civil war
        novel. Jubilee.

464. Walking Bull, Gilbert C. and Montana H. R. Walking
       Bull. E-ha-ni Wo-e: In This Powerful Manner They
       Expressed Themselves Long Ago. Monmouth, Ore¬
       gon: Walking Bull, 1980. ISBN: none. 91 pages; photo¬
       graphs.
        This book is divided between the stories and poems of
        Gilbert and Montana Walking Bull. Gilbert tells tradi¬
        tional Lakota stories as they were passed on to him, as
        well as stories from his own life. Montana presents
        fiction and poetry.

465. Walking Bull, Montana H. R.
       See Walking Bull, Gilbert C.

466. Walters, Anna Lee (1946-).   Talking Indian: Reflections on
        Survival and Writing.   Ithaca, New York: Firebrand
        Books, 1992. ISBN: 1563410222:1563410214. 222 pages;
        photographs; bibliography.
        This book, which was published by Walters to coincide
        with the Quincentennial of Columbus's arrival in the
        "new world," combines autobiography, fiction, tradi¬
        tional stories, and tribal history.    Walters is both
        Pawnee and Otoe, and she lives with her Navajo hus¬
        band and children on the Navajo Reservation in Ari¬
        zona. She presents the tribal histories of each of these
        tribes and examines their separate oral-history tradi-
228     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



        tions. Walters considers, in particular, the traditions
        of the Pawnee and Otoe and their influence on her
        subject matter and her presentation of material as a
        writer. The autobiographical segments relate her expe¬
        riences as a very young child living with her grand¬
        parents, her early impression of the world being peo¬
        pled only by Native Americans, the effect of realizing
        that the make-up of the larger world was not the warm
        comfortable community she had imagined it to be,
        and, then, how she learned to adjust to this realization
        while keeping a strong sense of her identity as an
        Otoe/Pawnee woman.

 467. Ward, Alvin E.  Daze of My Life: From Darkness to the
        Marvelous Light. Cleveland, Ohio: KAT Publication,
        1993. ISBN: none. 106 pages; photographs.
        Alvin Ward wrote this autobiography over a period of
        years while working two jobs and taking night classes.
        Raised by his deeply religious mother, Ward spent his
        childhood attending church meetings and street-cor¬
        ner revivals with her. He dropped out of school while
        in junior high and became a husband and father at an
        early age. His sense of responsibility and the difficulty
        in finding or keeping any kind of decent employment
        convinced him to return to school. Through a combi¬
        nation of formal and independent study. Ward even¬
        tually worked his way to both a high school and a col¬
        lege diploma. He writes of his work as a journalist, a
        founder and minister of the Anatholic Church of
        Christ, and a Congress of Racial Equality (CORE) ac¬
        tivist in Cleveland, Ohio. While describing his own
        life, Ward also addresses the difficulties faced by
        African Americans in general and African American
        males in particular, especially in the areas of prepara¬
        tion for employment and the difficulty in finding
        work that can support a family, availability of decent
        affordable housing, and appropriate education and role
        models.

 468. Washington, Jerome (1939-). Beanfields. Brooklyn: Wee
        D'People Unlimited, 1990. ISBN: none. 43 pages.
                   The Bibliography                         229



469. Washington, Paul M.    "Other Sheep I Have": The Autobi¬
        ography of Father Paul M. Washington. Written with
        David Gracie. Philadelphia: Temple University Press,
        1994. ISBN: 1566391776:1566391784. 248 pages; pho¬
        tographs; bibliography.
        Father Washington was dedicated to the ministry by
        his mother. He accepted this calling at the age of 10
        and joined the Episcopal Church while in college, des¬
        tined for priesthood. He arrived at the Church of the
        Advocate in North Philadelphia, following mission
        service in Liberia and prison ministry in Philadelphia.
        Father Washington presents an account of his work at
        Church of the Advocate, which became a meeting
        place for the Black Power Movement under his rector¬
        ship. Father Washington worked alongside of the
        Black Panthers, met with members of MOVE, and
        worked as an advocate for the residents of North
        Philadelphia. His dedication to nonviolence and the
        respect given him by the church establishment, with
        which he was often at odds, left him immune to FBI
        investigations. The Church of the Advocate under
        Father Washington was also instrumental in bringing
        to fruition the first ordinations of women in the
        Episcopal Church.

470. Watson, George. Memorable Memoirs. New York: Carl¬
       ton Press, 1987. ISBN: none. 104 pages; photographs;
       documents.
       Note: Reissued in 1993 and 1995.
       George Watson, after a brief account of his childhood,
       describes the daily activities of the 96th Service Group,
       an all-Black regiment, during World War II. He pro¬
       vides details of daily life throughout their training
       period at the Tuskegee Air Force Base and the Oscoda
       Army Air Base, Oscoda, Michigan, and action in Italy
       from 1942 through 1945.

471. Weary, Dolphus (1946-). 1 Ain't Comin Back. Written
       with William Hendricks. Wheaton, Illinois: Tyndale
       House Publishers, 1990. ISBN: 0842316094. 166 pages.
       Dolphus Weary grew up in Simpson County, Missis-
230     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



        sippi, during the 50s and 60s. He was anxious to escape
        the segregation and violent racism of Mississippi and
        so he along with a friend, accepted a scholarship to Los
        Angeles Baptist College. It was not until their arrival
        that they realized they were the first and only African
        Americans to attend the school. Weary describes how
        they learned first to tolerate stereotyping and racism,
        and then later to constructively confront it. After his
        ministerial training, Weary returned to Mississippi, al¬
        though that had never been his intention, to work for
        change in his home county. He describes the work of
        Mendenhall Ministries to improve the conditions in
        the African American community and the organiza¬
        tional and personal struggles he encountered over the
        years.

 472. Webb, Sheyann and Rachel West Nelson.    Selma, Lord,
        Selma: Girlhood Memories of the Civil-Rights Days.
        As told to Frank Sikora. University, Alabama: Uni¬
        versity of Alabama Press, 1980. ISBN: 0817300317. 146
        pages; photographs.
        Note: Also published New York: W. Morrow, 1980.
        ISBN: 0688087442.
        Sheyann Webb was eight and Rachel West nine when
        they became involved in the Selma voting rights
        marches led by Martin Luther King, Jr., and the South¬
        ern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC). Rachel's
        parents were already committed to the cause and to
        participation in the marches and sit-ins, but Sheyann's
        were not deeply involved. Her parents, however, did
        allow her to participate as long as she didn't miss
        school and completed her homework. The demon¬
        strations went on for several months throughout a
        rainy winter, and the girls got to know King as well as
        a number of visitors, white and black, who stayed in
        the homes of participants. The murders of two of
        these visitors made them aware of the fact that what
        they were doing could endanger their own lives.
        Sheyann's parents eventually joined the marchers and
        demonstrators, inspired by their young daughter's ded¬
        ication.
                   The Bibliography-                        231



473. Welcome, Verda F. My Life and Times. As told to James
       M. Abraham. Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey: Henry
       House Publishers, Inc., 1991. ISBN: none. 308 pages;
       photographs; bibliography.
       Verda Welcome documents her political career in
       Maryland, which she began after her retirement from
       teaching and work as a community activist. She was
       part of the Colored Women's Democratic Club and
       helped to form the Fourth District Democratic Organi¬
       zation, which successfully set out to break the local po¬
       litical machine. Welcome was first elected to office in
       1959 at the age of 52. She served through the turmoil
       of the Civil Rights Movement, surviving an assassina¬
       tion attempt in 1964. Welcome describes her political
       successes and failures and provides a broad picture of
       the times during which she was politically active, from
       the Civil Rights Movement, to Black Nationalism, to
       the Reagan Revolution.

474. Westmoreland, Tony (1915-).   In All Things I Am Not
       Alone: The True Life Story of a Sharecropper's Son.
       Nashville: Winston-Derek Publishers, 1987.        ISBN:
       1555230598. 140 pages.
       In this autobiography, Westmoreland relates the
       tragedies and successes of his family. Westmoreland
       grew up in Georgia with his father and mother who
       farmed and raised fourteen children. Among the sev¬
       eral tragedies of his childhood were the shooting
       deaths of his mother and oldest brother by night-riding
       Klansmen. This tragedy was immediately followed by
       the unprecedented generosity of a white landowner
       who, after reading about the shootings, offered West¬
       moreland's father the opportunity to farm and harvest
       timber on his land. Westmoreland's father, who had
       always been a sharecropper, was also told to keep all of
       his crops and any profits which he gleaned from crops
       or timber. Westmoreland's life continued to follow
       this general pattern of alternate tragedy and good for¬
       tune. Some of the events which he writes about are
       his family's move to Chicago, his marriage, children,
       and his successful business career.
232      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



 475. Whitewolf, Jim. The Autobiography of a Kiowa Apache
        Indian. Written with Charles S. Brant. New York:
        Dover Publications, 1991. ISBN: 0486268624. 144 pages;
            map; bibliography.
            Originally published Jim Whitewolf: The Life of a
            Kiowa Apache Indian. New York: Dover Publications,
            1969. 144 pages; bibliography; map. ISBN: 048622015X.

 476. Wideman, John Edgar. Brothers and Keepers. New York:
        Holt, Rinehart and Winston, 1984. ISBN: 0030617545.
            243 pages.
            Note: Also published New York: Penguin, 1985. ISBN:
            0140082670; New York: Vintage Books, 1995. ISBN:
            0679756949.
            This work touches on many issues—life in the ghetto,
            family relationships, prisons, crime, and the varying
            definitions of success. In this book, John Wideman's
            brother, Robby, is serving a life-sentence in prison for
            his part in a robbery which resulted in murder.
            Wideman, a successful novelist and college professor,
            seeks to uncover where his and his youngest brother's
            paths diverged from each other. Thus, Brothers and
            Keepers is both an autobiography—the reflections of
            John Wideman about who he is in relation to his fam¬
            ily and particularly his brother Robby—and a biogra¬
            phy of Robby. Much of what the reader learns about
            Robby is presented in the first person, with Robby as
            narrator. Wideman worked with his brother on this
            auto/biography during visiting sessions at Western
            Penitentiary. Drafts were mailed back and forth be¬
            tween them, and Robby sent letters and poems to John
            trying to clarify what passed between them in conver¬
            sation. In telling his story to John, Robby not only de¬
            scribes the events leading up to his crime, but explains
            to his brother his motivation for choosing a life of
            "gangsterism," and debates whether or not his prison
            sentence was an inevitable result of all that went be¬
            fore.

  477. —.    Fatheralong: A Meditation on Fathers and Sons, Race
            and Society.   New York: Pantheon, 1994.       ISBN:
            0679407200. 197 pages.
                    The Bibliography                         233



        Wideman writes about his relationship with his
        father, about himself as a son, and about his own two
        sons. A Pennsylvanian by birth, Wideman's roots are
        in South Carolina, where he and his father return to
        do research and to look up family and others who
        might remember members of their family. Wideman
        places his father-son relationship within the broader
        context of society and discusses the obstacles that pre¬
        vent fathers from fulfilling their role in a meaningful
        way. Wideman does not remember spending much
        time with his father, and their trip to South Carolina is
        their first time alone together. Wideman concludes
        with an essay about one son's wedding, and another
        about learning to live with the disappearance and
        probable kidnapping of his older son seven years ear¬
        lier. About this book Wideman writes "[t]he pieces
        that follow on fathers, color, roots, time, language are
        about me, not my 'race.' They are an attempt, among
        other things, to break out, displace, replace, the
        paradigm of race. Teach me who I might be, who you
        might be—without it" (p. xxv).

478. Wier, Sadye H. (1905-).     Sadye H. Wier: Her Life and
       Work. Written with George R. Lewis. Starkville, Mis¬
       sissippi (321 S. Lafayette St. 39759): S. H. Wier, 1993.
       ISBN: none. 128 pages; photographs; documents.
       Note: Wier has also written about her husband in A
        Black Businessman in White Mississippi 1886-1974.
        Jackson, Mississippi: University Press of Mississippi,
        1977. ISBN: 0878050426.
        Wier describes her family, childhood, and education in
        Mississippi. Her father, a Methodist minister, estab¬
        lished Noxubee Industrial School in 1898, which pro¬
        vided a much needed educational opportunity to
        African American children in Mississippi.         Her
        mother taught home economics at the institution for
        over 40 years. Wier, like her mother, became a home
        economist and taught in elementary and secondary
        schools. In 1943 she became the first African American
        home demonstration agent for Newton County. Wier
        describes her work, the traveling it entailed, and the
        details of the skills she sought to teach her clients:
234     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



        sewing, food preparation, hygiene, and budgeting. She
        also discusses her community activities, including the
        restoration and preservation of the Odd Fellows Ceme¬
        tery in Starkville, Mississippi.

 479. Wilbur-Cruce, Eva Antonia. A Beautiful, Cruel Country.
        Wood engravings by Michael McCurdy. Tucson: Uni¬
        versity of Arizona Press, 1987. ISBN: 0816510296. 318
         pages.
         Wilbur-Cruce began this book as a fifty-page letter to
         her nephews and nieces to provide them with an ac¬
         count of her life on the family ranch in Arizona along
         the Mexican border. She enjoyed writing the letter so
         much that she decided to continue writing. This book
         describes her childhood and ranch life at the turn-of-
         the-century.    The ranch, which she inherited and
         where she lived throughout her life, was situated in a
         mountainous, arid region which was also the home¬
         land of the Tohono O'odham Indians (Papago) until
         they were forcibly relocated to a reservation. Wilbur-
         Cruce recalls the many adventures, events, scenes, and
         celebrations of her childhood.      She roamed freely
         around the country side and assisted her father with
         the herding of goats, horses, and cattle. She closes the
         story of her childhood with a description of the
         Tohono O'odham exodus and the coinciding rise of
         "Anglo" intolerance toward the "Hispanics" living in
         the region.

 480. Wilkins, Roger W. (1932-). A Man's Life: An Autobiogra¬
         phy. New York: Simon & Schuster, 1982. ISBN:
         0671226738:0671492683. 384 pages; photographs.
         Note: Also published Woodbridge Connecticut: Ox
         Bow Press, 1991. ISBN: 0918024838.
         Wilkins, a journalist and the nephew of NAACP ex¬
         ecutive Roy Wilkins, began his career of political and
         social activism as a law clerk under Thurgood Mar¬
         shall with the NAACP just after the Brown v. Topeka
         Board of Education decision was handed down by the
         U.S. Supreme Court. Following a brief stint with a
         commercial law firm in the suburbs, Wilkins decided
                    The Bibliography                           235



        to pursue, instead, work which would have more of a
        direct impact on the welfare of society and African
        Americans in particular. In his book, Wilkins focuses
        on his work with the Kennedy and Johnson adminis¬
        trations. In these administrations, he worked with
        AID (Agency for International Development), the De¬
        partment of Justice, and as director of the Community
        Action division of the Community Relations Service
        throughout the Civil Rights and Vietnam War eras.
        He describes the details of his work in these depart¬
        ments, including his responsibilities during especially
        tense times, such as the Watts and Detroit riots of 1967,
        and the hours and days following the assassination of
        Martin Luther King, Jr. Wilkins also writes about his
        personal life during his political career, and the toll the
        demands of his job took on his roles as father and hus¬
        band. He relates the events of the dissolution of his
        marriage, and his personal life following the breakup
        and his subsequent remarriage.

481. Wilkins, Roy (1901-). Standing Fast: The Autobiography
        of Roy Wilkins. Written with Tom Mathews. New
        York: Viking Press, 1982. ISBN: 0670142298. 361 pages;
        photographs.
        Note: Also published New York: Penguin, 1984. ISBN:
        0140073736; New York: Da Capo Press, 1994. ISBN:
        0306805669.
        Wilkins writes about his family's slave origins in Mis¬
        sissippi, and how the joy of emancipation was over¬
        shadowed almost immediately by the Mississippi legis¬
        lature's passage of the Black Code. These and other
        southern laws which circumscribed the movements of
        the African Americans, both newly freed and histori¬
        cally free, were to be supported by test cases in the
        Supreme Court, leading Wilkins to write that "[i]f the
        Civil War liberated Grandfather Wilkins, the Supreme
        Court had circumscribed his possibilities" (p. 2). It was
        within the Supreme Court, however, that Wilkins
        would pursue an end to these laws as a member and
        participant, and later as Executive Director of the
        NAACP. Wilkins's work on behalf of African Ameri¬
        cans began with his career in journalism. Then, at a
236     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



        certain point, he wanted to begin fighting crimes
        against African Americans, rather than just passively
        reporting them.      Thus began his work with the
        NAACP. Wilkins discusses some of his major battles,
        including unsuccessful attempts to persuade Franklin
        D. Roosevelt to support anti-lynching legislation, work
        with the War Department to include African Ameri¬
        cans in a meaningful way during World War II, and,
        of course, the Civil Rights Movement. Wilkins de¬
        fends the NAACP's use of the court system against the
        attacks brought against him and others by the younger
        Black Nationalist movement. He points out that the
        NAACP had been involved in pursuing the rights of
        African Americans since the first decades of the cen¬
        tury, and that this work should not be dismissed or ig¬
        nored. He writes that "we realized in the summer of
         1966, as we had in the winter of 1909, that racial dis¬
        crimination corrupts every area of American life" (p.
        321).

 482. Williams, Patricia J. (1951-). The Alchemy of Race and
         Rights. Cambridge: Harvard University Press, 1991.
         ISBN: 0674014707. 263 pages; bibliography.
         Note: Also published London: Virago, 1993. ISBN:
         1853816744.
        This collection of essays is both autobiographical and
        theoretical, about both contemporary and historical
        conditions and events. Williams' essays reflect her
        experiences with and observations of racism, discrimi¬
        nation and ignorance within a legal and feminist per¬
        spective. She suggests that "Autobiography," "fiction,"
        "Gender Studies," and "Medieval Medicine," would
        make good subject headings for this work. Williams
        writes that her book is not just about race, but about
        boundaries: "While being black has been the most
        powerful social attribution in my life, it is only one of
        a number of governing narratives or presiding fictions
        by which I am constantly reconfiguring myself in the
        world" (p. 257). Williams also lists gender, ecology,
        pacifism, "my peculiar brand of colloquial English, and
         Roxbury, Massachusetts" (p. 257) as defining, bound¬
         ary-creating factors in her life.
                  The Bibliography                         237



483. Wilson, Woodrow.     Woodrow Wilson: Race, Community
       and Politics in Las Vegas, 1940's-1980's: An Oral His¬
       tory. An oral history conducted by Jamie Coughtry.
       Edited by Jamie Coughtry and R. T. King. Reno: Oral
       History Program, University of Nevada-Reno, 1990.
       ISBN: none. 147 pages; photographs.
       Born in Mississippi in 1915, Wilson found himself,
       almost by accident, residing in Las Vegas, Nevada. "I
       was passing through ... I'd stay for a year maybe . . .
       but I got involved with the total community—reli¬
       giously, politically, helping to bring about change.
       There was a tremendous challenge here for anybody
       black who had something to give" (p. 53). Wilson was
       active in union activities: fighting promotion restric¬
       tions and segregated conditions. He continued his
       fight for increased civil rights for African Americans
       through leadership in the local NAACP and, in 1966,
       by being the first African American to be elected to the
       Nevada legislature.

484. Wolf, Helen Pease (1906-). Reaching Both Ways. Written
       with Barbara Ketcham.      Laramie, Wyoming: Jelm
       Mountain Publications, 1989. ISBN: 0936204664. 125
       pages; photographs.
       Helen Pease Wolf grew up in the area of Lodge Grass,
       Montana, on the Crow Indian Reservation. Her par¬
       ents were half Crow and half European American—
       Hidatsa through Wolf's mother and Absaroka through
       her father: both grew up in Crow villages. Wolf gives
       a brief history of the Crow Indians, describing Crow
       customs and relating several Crow legends. She also
       writes about the history of Lodge Grass, her own life,
       and her Crow and European family. Wolf, raised in a
       strong Baptist tradition, writes about traditional Crow
       religious practices and concludes that "[t]he Crows
       know in their own hearts that their prayers are heard
       by the same Great Spirit that hears your prayers,
       whether you are Protestant, Jewish, Catholic, or any
       other religious faith!" (p. 85). Wolf is proud of both
       parts of her heritage and ends her narrative by writing:
       "And so even in my eighties, I am part of the outdoor
238      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



         world of the Indian and the modern lifestyle of a white
         woman. I am still reaching both ways" (p. 118).

 485. Wright, Al. Al Wright: Minto. Interviews conducted and
        text prepared by Yvonne Yarber and Curt Madison.
        Yukon-Koyukuk Biography Series. Fairbanks: Spirit
        Mountain Press, 1986. ISBN: 0910871140.
         Wright discusses his life as a pilot, wilderness guide,
         hunter and fisherman. He emphasizes the effect of
         fish and game regulations on the Native subsistence
         hunters and fishermen and the conflicting interest of
         sports and commercial fisherman with those of the
         subsistence fishermen. Wright also touches on the
         damage done to lakes and streams because of the silt
         build-up which is a result of mining activities. Wright
         and his wife, who live during the winters in Kona,
         Hawaii, and the rest of the year in the Fairbanks area,
         hunt, fish, and grow and gather all of their own food.
         According to Wright "[t]he future looks like steady
         motoring back and forth between Fairbanks and Kona
         and trying to grow, catch and hunt as much of our
         own food as possible. That's important to us no mat¬
         ter where we're living" (Epilogue, p. 71).

  486. Wright, Richard (1908-1960).    "Black Boy (American
         Hunger)."      Later Works: Black Boy (American
         Hunger), the Outsider. Ed. Arnold Rampersad. The
         Library of America 56. New York: Library of America,
         1991. ISBN: 0940450674. 365 pages.
         Note: Also published by New York: Harper Perennial,
          1993. ISBN: 0060812508.
          Originally published as two separate books, Wright's
          initial intention was that his autobiography be pub¬
          lished as a single volume divided into two parts:
          "Southern Night" and "The Horror and the Glory."
          Because of negotiations with the Book-of-the-Month
          Club, only "Southern Night" was published, with the
          title Black Boy: A Record of Childhood and Youth
          (New York: Harper & Bros., 1945). "The Horror and
          the Glory" was not published until 1977 (New York:
          Harper & Row, 1977, New York: Perennial Li-
                   The Bibliography                        239


        brary/Harper & Row, 1979) as American Hunger. This
        classic work describes Wright's childhood in the South
        and his move to Chicago at the age of 19. A significant
        portion of Part Two is devoted to his experiences with
        the Communist Party and his development as a writer.

487. Wu, Blanche Ching-Yi. East Meets West. Baltimore: R. C.
       Huang, 1985. ISBN: none. 153 pages; photographs; il¬
       lustrations.
        Wu's first trip to the United States was a leave-of-ab-
        sence from China's Ginling College to further her edu¬
        cation at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor.
        She was in Nanking for the Japanese invasion of 1932
        and after the bombing of Pearl Harbor. In 1948, she
        came once more to the U.S., again planning to study
        and then return to China, but became a U.S. citizen
        instead. Wu worked in the poultry laboratory at Vir¬
        ginia Polytechnic at Blacksburg, and discusses her re¬
        search both at Virginia and at Ginling College. Wu de¬
        scribes her research, her studies in Kentucky and else¬
        where, her teaching career, and her retirement.

488. Wyman, Russell E. (1950-). The Stumpin Grounds: A
        Memoir of New Orleans' Ninth Ward.  Monograph
        (Southern University in New Orleans.      Center for
        African and African American Studies) 1. New Or¬
        leans: Southern University at New Orleans, Center for
        African and African American Studies, 1993. ISBN:
        none. 36 pages; map; bibliography.
        Russell Wyman writes about his life during the years
        1961, when he was 11, to 1965. He describes his inter¬
        ests and motivations, and his family life and friends.
        Wyman gives a vivid account of the destruction of his
        neighborhood, in the lower Ninth Ward of New Or¬
        leans, by Hurricane Betsy. In a postscript, Wyman
        chronicles the later years in his life, which included
        enlistment in the army during the Vietnam War, in¬
        volvement with the Black Panther Party in Oceanside
        California, drug abuse, and armed robbery, for which
        he served 17 years in prison.
240      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



 489. Yasui, Robert S. The Yasui Family of Hood River, Ore¬
         gon. N.p.: Holly Yasui Desktop Publishing, 1987.
         ISBN: none. 148 pages.
         In this family history, Yasui devotes a chapter each to
         his mother, father, six brothers and sisters, and him¬
         self. In his chapter, Yasui describes the manner in
         which he was raised, his parents' business and work
         ethic, and his schooling and participation in sports.
         Yasui was in college when the evacuations began, and
         he chose to "escape" to Denver to avoid internment.
         Yasui recounts the problems he encountered because
         of race. Temple University accepted him after he
         wrote to the dean describing the difficulties he was
         having with the other schools to which he had ap¬
         plied. Yasui finishes his chapter with an account of his
         medical training and career. About the emotional im¬
         pact of the war, Yasui writes:
             For many years after the war, many of us were subconsciously
             ashamed of the fact that our own government had so mis¬
             trusted us that it accused us of constituting a serious subver¬
             sive danger, removed us from our homes and placed us in in¬
             ternment camps. We felt guilt and shame that remained
             with us for years. We did not tell our children about this
             dreadful experience, (p. x)

  490. Yates, James. Mississippi to Madrid: Memoir of a Black
          American in the Abraham Lincoln Brigade. Seattle:
          Open Hand, 1989. ISBN: 0940880199:0940880202. 183
          pages; photographs; maps.
          Note: Also published as Mississippi to Madrid: Mem¬
          oirs of a Black American in the Spanish Civil War,
          1936-1938. New York: Shamal Books, 1986. ISBN:
          0917886127.
          Yates wrote this book as one of just a handful of sur¬
          viving black soldiers who served in the Abraham Lin¬
          coln Brigade during the Spanish Civil War. He pre¬
          sents not only his own story, but documents the partic¬
          ipation of nearly 100 African Americans who risked
          their lives to defend the democratically-elected gov¬
          ernment of Spain even though American participa¬
          tion had been prohibited by the federal government.
          Struggling to work and support his family during the
                      The Bibliography                      241



        Great Depression, Yates left Chicago for New York in
        hopes of better employment opportunities. He found
        none, and was discovered on a park bench in a wine-
        induced stupor by Communist organizers. Having no¬
        ticed him reading Du Bois on a previous day, they felt
        that he might be a candidate for their organization. He
        thus became a full-time participant and organizer in
        the Communist Party. This association led to his deci¬
        sion to join the fight against Fascism in Spain. Yates
        describes his experiences in Spain, his associates—both
        black and white, American and European, and years
        free of discrimination and segregation. The Abraham
        Lincoln Brigade was integrated, and African Ameri¬
        cans had the same opportunities and responsibilities as
        white Americans. Coming back to the United States
        was shocking for Yates as well as the other African
        American soldiers when they were once again con¬
        fronted with discrimination, lack of opportunity, seg¬
        regation and accompanying humiliation and degrada¬
        tion. Yates realized, upon his return, that his part in
        the war in Spain might be over, but there was another
        war still to fight in the United States.

491. Yee, Albert H.    A Search for Meaning: Essays of a Chinese
        American. San Francisco: Chinese Historical Society of
        America, 1984.     ISBN: none.   311 pages; photographs;
        bibliography.
        This book is a series of essays describing the author's
        experiences, lessons learned, and reflections. Yee was
        born during the Great Depression and was a fourth
        generation American.      He writes of the economic
        hardships which his family faced during that time,
        coupled with the racism they faced in school and in
        seeking employment. In this collection of essays, Yee
        explores Chinese history and thought, his own re¬
        assessment of China, and of himself as a Chinese
        American, and the issue of race in the United States.

492. Yellowtail, Thomas.      Yellowtail, Crow Medicine Man and
        Sun   Dance     Chief: An Autobiography. As told to
        Michael Oren Fitzgerald.     Norman: University of Ok-
242     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



        lahoma Press, 1991. ISBN: 0806123338:0806126027. 241
        pages; photographs; map; bibliography.
        Yellowtail sees this book as a partial fulfillment of his
        "responsibility to pass on [his] sacred knowledge" (p.
        10). In the first part of this book, Yellowtail describes
        his childhood within the context of the traditions and
        ceremonies which were still a central part of the daily
        life of his tribe. The tribe became divided with the in¬
        troduction of Christianity. Younger generations be¬
        came less inclined to learn traditional ways and, if they
        did, tended not to understand the significance of what
        they were doing. By 1943, traditional dancing had all
        but died out. Yellowtail, with some others, began a re¬
        vival within his own tribe and believes this effort may
        have sparked a nationwide revival. Yellowtail de¬
        scribes the difference between the Peyote way and the
        Sun Dance way. He has found that the Sun Dance way
        provides the opportunity for unlimited spiritual
        growth. Yellowtail became a Sun Dance chief and has
        now passed that position on to a younger follower. In
        the second part of this book Yellowtail provides a de¬
        tailed description and explanation of the Sun Dance
        ceremony, and in the third section draws conclusions
        about the conditions and future of tribal life in the
        United States.

 493. Yep, Lawrence. The Lost Garden. In My Own Words. En¬
         glewood Cliffs, New Jersey: J. Messner, 1991. ISBN:
         0671741594:0671741608. 117 pages; photographs.
         Note: Also published New York: Macmillan/McGraw
         Hill School Publishing Co., 1993. ISBN: 0021795495.
        Yep describes growing up believing himself to be an
        American. In school, however, he faced racism from
        classmates and teachers alike. It wasn't until he began
        making regular visits to his grandmother in San Fran¬
        cisco's Chinatown that he began not only to accept, but
        to appreciate his "Chineseness." Yep tells how ele¬
        ments of his life, and people he has known have pro¬
        vided material for his books.
                     The Bibliography                                  243



494. Yoneda, Karl G. (1906-). Ganbatte: Sixty-Year Struggle of a
       Kibei Worker. Los Angeles: Resource Development
       and Publications, Asian American Studies Center,
       University of California, Los Angeles, 1983. ISBN:
        0934052077. 244 pages; photographs.
        Yoneda was one the first children born in the conti¬
        nental United States to Japanese immigrant parents.
        He embraced Communism at an early age and has con¬
        tinued to fight for the rights of working people
        throughout his life. Yoneda's autobiography docu¬
        ments his and his wife's struggle "for political, eco¬
        nomic, [and] social justice and for racial equality as a
        Communist, trade-unionist, longshoreman, anti¬
        fascist fighter, writer, and Japanese American"
        (Introduction, p. XI). Yoneda's strength of character is
        clearly illustrated by the fact that he was active in trade
        unionism at a time when Asians were not permitted
        to be members of most trade unions. Yoneda closes
        his acknowledgments with the following explanation:
            One of the reasons for writing my story is to let [my son and
            two granddaughters] and others, especially Asian Pacific
            youth, know about the many years of struggle that innumer¬
            able working people of all races have participated in to find
            the path to establish ultimately a society in a world of
            peace and human dignity.

495. Yoshitsu, Masao.   My Moments in the Twentieth Century.
         An Immigrant's Story. New York: Vantage Press, 1987.
         ISBN: 0533072646. 83 pages; photographs.
         Masao Yoshitsu was raised in Japan and joined his
         father in Modesto, California, in 1921, making the
         5,000 mile ocean voyage to the United States at the age
         of 13. The weeks spent on board the ocean liner pro¬
         vided Yoshitsu with his first contact with the West.
         Starting out in the first grade, Yoshitsu quickly caught
         up with his own age group, went on to high school,
         and attended Stanford. Yoshitsu writes that his Stan¬
         ford economics degree was of no use to him as a
         Japanese American. It was not until after the war,
         when legislation was passed to allow Asian immi¬
         grants to become naturalized citizens, that Yoshitsu
         found employment in the field of his choice. Yoshitsu
244     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



        describes his years struggling to support his family
        with the limited employment opportunities available
        to Japanese Americans before finally being admitted
        into the civil service, where he worked with the Navy,
        the aerospace program, and the United States Depart¬
        ment of Health, Education and Welfare.

 496. Young, Andrew (1932-). A Way Out of No Way: The Spir¬
        itual Memoirs of Andrew Young. Nashville: T. Nel¬
        son Publishers, 1994. ISBN: 0840769989. 172 pages; bib¬
        liography.
        Andrew Young presents the significant milestones, de¬
        cisions, and events in his life in the context of his reli¬
        gious convictions. He describes the individuals, insti¬
        tutions, and situations responsible for his choosing his
        particular path in life, beginning with his entrance
        into college at the age of 15, through his attaining the
        position of consultant with an international law firm.
        Young, a member of the Congregational Church, at¬
        tended Hartford Seminary and became a minister. He
        joined the Civil Rights Movement and worked closely
        with Martin Luther King. After King's death. Young
        continued to work with the Southern Christian Lead¬
        ership Conference (SCLC), and later became a United
        States Congressman, the United Nations Ambassador
        under President Jimmy Carter, and then Mayor of At¬
        lanta.

 497. Young, Coleman A.      Hard Stuff: The Autobiography of
        Coleman Young. Written with Lonnie Wheeler. New
        York: Viking, 1994. ISBN: 0670845515. 344 pages; pho¬
        tographs; bibliography.
        Coleman Young, the five-term mayor of Detroit, looks
        back on his life and career as he decides not to run for
        reelection. Young describes his experiences in the seg¬
        regated armed services of World War II and the rebel¬
        lious spirit of many of the African American soldiers
        faced with continual indignities. He writes about his
        participation in radical politics, for which he was black¬
        listed from employment in Michigan's automotive
        industry and questioned before the infamous House
                   The Bibliography                          245



        Un-American Activities Committee. Young addresses
        the many controversial aspects of his long tenure as
        Mayor of Detroit and his reasons for retirement from
        office.

498. Young Bear, Ray A. (1950-). Black Eagle Child: The Face-
       paint Narratives. Singular Lives Series. Iowa City:
       University of Iowa Press, 1992.    ISBN: 08774536X:
       087745378. 261 pages; photographs.
       Note: Also published New York: Grove Press, 1996.
        ISBN: 0802134289.
        This book is a coming-of-age story, an epic mixture of
        poetry and prose based on Young Bear's own life dur¬
        ing the 1950s, 60s, and 70s. Edgar Bearchild represents
        Young Bear as he struggles through adolescence and
        develops into a poet. The Black Eagle Child Settle¬
        ment is the Mesquaki Settlement where Young Bear
        grew up, located in Tama County in central Iowa.
        Young Bear writes that the characters and events in
        this work are taken both from his own experience and
        from his imagination. What he presents here to the
        reader is not so much personal revelation as "an exer¬
        cise in creative detachment . . . there are considerations
        of visions, traditional healing, supernaturalism, and
        hallucinogen-based sacraments interposed with cen¬
        turies-old philosophies and customs." Young Bear's
        youthful odyssey begins when he is in eighth grade,
        continues through a variety of relationships, a number
        of drug-inspired visions in Southern California, and
        then brings him back to the settlement in Iowa, where
        he wraps himself in a "paper cocoon," from which he
         recalls his childhood and develops his writer's voice.
         He writes: "Childhood was a precious epoch./How I
         even ever came to be confounded me./It was incredi¬
         ble to think back and see faces/of people who were no
         longer. I saw these/as warm, windy days when fami¬
         lies were strong/and united. My survival was more
         than a miracle./And I was in a rage for my inability to
         find/ways to say thank you" (p. 149).

499. Young Bear, Severt (1934-1993). Standing in the Light: A
       Lakota Way of Seeing. Written with R. D. Theisz.
246   Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



      American Indian Lives. Lincoln: University of Ne¬
      braska Press, 1994. ISBN: 080324911X. 191 pages; pho¬
      tographs; bibliography; maps.
      Young Bear provides a history of the Lakota as well as
      a treatise of their rituals, traditions, and cultural prac¬
      tices. He discusses the significance of names, explain¬
      ing the history of names in his own family; relates
      stories from Lakota oral tradition; and explains the im¬
      portance of singing, including a history of the Porcu¬
      pine Singers, of which he was a member. Young Bear
      writes about his development as a singer and the posi¬
      tive changes that occurred in his life because of his
      dedication to this art form. He encouraged the resur¬
      rection of many Sun Dance songs and began incorpo¬
      rating them into the ceremonies. In discussing the
      dances, songs, and the ceremonies in which these tra¬
      ditional arts are practiced, Young Bear also tells the
      history of the U.S. Government's interference with sa¬
      cred practices, which caused dedicated practitioners to
       go underground and discouraged others from partici¬
      pating in and passing on these traditions. Young Bear
       also had connections to the American Indian Move¬
       ment (AIM) and was present at the 1973 Wounded
       Knee occupation.
                                  Index



Abenaki Indians 69
Abraham Lincoln Brigade, Spanish Civil War 490
Absaroka Indians 96, 484, 492
Acoma Pueblo Indians 329
actors 88, 201, 414, 430
adoption 111
affirmative action 76
African American 1, 2, 3, 4, 8, 10, 12, 13, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21,
            22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 31, 32, 34, 35, 39, 40, 41, 42, 43, 44,
            45, 46, 47, 51, 52, 53, 56, 60, 61, 64, 65, 66, 67, 68, 70, 72,
            73, 74, 76, 77, 80, 81, 85, 86, 87, 89, 93, 95, 97, 102, 103,
            104, 106, 107, 108, 110, 114, 115, 117, 123, 124, 125, 126,
            127, 128, 133, 134, 135, 137, 141, 145, 146, 147, 149, 150,
            151, 153, 154, 158, 159, 160, 162, 163, 164, 165, 167, 169,
            171, 173, 174, 177, 178, 185, 186, 187, 188, 192, 194, 195,
            196, 200, 201, 202, 203, 205, 206, 207, 213, 214, 215, 216,
            217, 218, 221, 222, 223, 224, 225, 226, 232, 235, 236, 242,
            243, 245, 247, 252, 253, 254, 258, 263, 264, 267, 269, 272,
            276, 278, 279, 283, 284, 285, 286, 287, 288, 289, 292, 298,
            300, 302, 303, 304, 305, 306, 311, 312, 313, 315, 318, 321,
            322, 328, 337, 338, 339, 340, 342, 343, 344, 347, 348, 351,
            353, 354, 356, 357, 359, 362, 366, 367, 368, 369, 370, 371,
            378, 379, 386, 388, 389, 391, 392, 393, 397, 399, 407, 408,
            412, 413, 414, 419, 426, 427, 428, 429, 431, 432, 434, 435,
            438, 440, 441, 442, 445, 447, 455, 462, 463, 467, 468, 469,
            470, 471, 472, 473, 474, 476, 477, 478, 480, 481, 482, 483,
            486, 488, 490, 496, 497
African American literature 357
African Methodist Episcopal (A.M.E.) Church 178, 247
African Methodist Episcopal (A.M.E.) Zion Church 247, 388
AIDS 26, 454
248       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



Ailey, Alvin 217
AKA Sorority 53
Alabama 47,121,126, 213, 340,367, 369, 388, 472
Alaska 55,62,100,116,180,204, 227, 314, 323, 331,436, 485
Alaska, Interior 36, 37, 63, 105,118,179,190, 204, 211, 219, 220, 227,
             228, 281, 308, 320, 346, 365, 390, 396, 400, 437
Alatna, Alaska 320
Alcatraz occupation 136, 271
Aleut 331
Allakaket, Alaska 179
Alliance, Nebraska 297
Alvin Ailey Dance Theater 217
American Indian Movement (AIM) 58, 191, 271, 461, 499
American Russian 232
American South 10,18, 39, 64,125, 147,178,188, 419, 438, 462
anthologies 7, 11, 28, 33, 41, 69, 71, 96,102, 113, 132, 140, 146, 152,
             159, 172, 189, 206, 207, 231, 241, 248, 273, 319, 323, 328,
             329, 361, 376, 381, 386, 410, 421, 423, 432, 460
anthropologists 375
Apache Indians 54, 475
architects 349
Arizona 49, 98,170, 246, 273, 274, 385, 466, 479
Arkansas 35, 39, 177
artists 70, 98, 237, 295, 304, 325, 336, 349, 448
Asian American 248
Asociacon Nacional Mexico-Americana (ANMA) 75
Association for the Study of Negro Life and History (ASNLH)
             163
Athapascan (Alaskan) Indians 36, 37, 63, 100, 105, 118, 179, 180,
             204, 211, 219, 220, 227, 228, 281, 308, 324, 331, 365, 396,
             400, 423
Atlanta, Georgia 1,10, 496
Atlanta Student Movement 203
Auburn University 213

bakers 297
Bank of America 305
Barrow, Alaska 314
baseball players 1,149,213, 278, 354, 379,412,413
basketball players 2, 3, 97, 226
Bear Tribe 417
Big Boquillas land purchase 268
                              Index                               249



Biracial Americans 140, 162, 167
Black Nationalism 32, 235, 389, 469
Black Panther Party 22, 66, 186, 215, 370, 391, 469
Black Power Movement 110
Black Theater Arts 32
Blackfoot Indians 198,199, 414
blindness 282
Blood Indians 198, 199
blues musicians 258
boarding schools 84, 280
Boston, Massachusetts 306
boxers 173, 380
broadcast journalists 322
Brown Berets 5, 6, 456
Brown vs. Board of Education 35, 56
Brule (Lakota) Indians 58, 59
Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) 436

Cahuilla Indians 294
California 5, 6,15, 38, 66, 75, 80, 91,130,136,150,173,186, 201, 210,
            233, 237, 249, 271, 278, 326, 327, 345, 374, 394, 403, 404,
            405, 406, 414, 417, 418, 422, 444, 456, 459, 493, 495
California State University at San Jose 117
Cambodia 270, 401
Cambodian American 248, 270, 401
Cataract Canyon, Arizona 170
Catholicism 120, 224, 272, 352
Cayuga Indians 28
ceremonies 417
Chandalar Region, Alaska 346
Charleston, South Carolina 127
Cherokee Indians 88, 113,121, 152, 271, 381, 414, 451
Cherokee, Oklahoma 464
Cheyenne Indians 184, 411
Chicago, Illinois 86, 93, 298, 344, 370, 383, 440, 441, 474
Chicago State University 8
Chicano-Chicana 5, 6, 14, 29, 75, 98, 120, 138, 142, 143, 155, 156,
           166, 181, 265, 273, 274, 275, 290, 301, 352, 372, 373, 374,
             375, 380, 403, 404, 405, 406, 456, 457
 Chickasaw Indians 189, 430
 China 14, 83, 209, 255, 293, 402, 487, 491
 China Institute in America 291
250       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



Chinese American 83, 130, 237, 238, 239, 248, 255, 257, 291, 402,
             487, 491, 493
Chinese culture 291
Chippewa Indians 136, 416, 417, 460
Chippewa (Ojibwa) Indians 461
Chiracahua Apaches 54
Choctaw Indians 33, 430, 445
Christianity 31, 42, 67, 73,112,150,162,178, 235, 247, 285, 312, 326,
             339, 362, 385, 467, 469, 496
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints 246
civil rights 15, 56, 277
Civil Rights Movement 4, 85, 86, 95, 115, 124, 134, 223, 235, 236,
             252, 254, 292, 305, 312, 339, 340, 367, 369, 378, 388, 389,
             462, 469, 472, 480, 481, 496
Civil War 128, 158
Coeur d'Alene Indians 168
COINTELPRO 391
Colorado 246
Communism 32, 195,196, 232, 343, 486, 490, 494
Communist Party 75, 254
community service 478
Community Service Organization (CSO) 75
Congress of Afrikan Peoples (CAP) 32, 321
Congress of Racial Equality (CORE) 124, 467
Connecticut 348, 350
Cook Inlet Region, Alaska 331
cosmetologists 61
cosmology 294
Cree Indians 88
Creek Indians 96,161,172, 356, 414
Crow (Absaroka) Indians 96, 484, 492
Cuba 32,391
Culpeper County, Virginia 269
cultural exchange 291

Dakota Indians 297, 377, 499
dancers 217
Dayton, Ohio 253
Delaware (Lenape) Indians 132, 261
Democratic Party 473
Dena'ina Indians—See Tanaina Indians
dentists 108
                              Index                                251



Denton, Texas 300
deportation 394
desegregation 1,35,52, 77,115,147, 203,292, 435
Desert Cahuilla Indians 294
Detroit, Michigan 126, 160, 194, 264, 497
diaries 135, 202
Diegueno (Kumeyaay) Indians 101
Dine'e (Navajo) Indians 246, 250, 266, 268, 409, 466
disabilities 264
doctors 93, 95,115, 299, 454, 459
domestic servants 72
domestic violence 51, 58, 59, 60, 218, 272, 335, 368, 451
Dot Lake, Alaska 211

East Indian 9
East Indian American 248, 341, 454
economists 489
education 153, 267, 348
Egypt 21
eighteenth century 48
El Paso, Texas 156,181
entrepreneurs 10, 13, 80, 142, 187, 212, 216, 253, 313, 359, 422, 440,
            441, 474
Episcopal Church 312, 469
Eskimo (Inupiaq) 314, 320, 390, 436, 437
essays 7, 11, 33, 57, 69, 71, 96, 113,114, 132,143,146,151,152, 156,
            159, 172, 189, 231, 283, 301, 319, 329, 361, 373, 376, 381,
            403, 404, 405, 406, 423, 457, 460, 477, 482, 491
ethnobotany 101
Evangelists 247
Evansville, Alaska 437
Exec-U-Team 187
exile 446
expatriates 371

Fairbanks, Alaska 485
families 18, 39, 51, 54, 74, 83, 93, 111, 114, 127, 130, 164, 167, 168,
            193, 202, 234, 238, 243, 245, 249, 269, 270, 286, 287, 290,
           302, 321, 333, 351, 352, 382, 386, 407, 415, 424, 435, 459,
            476, 477, 489
FBI 22, 58, 117, 134, 370, 378, 391
Federal Writers Project 206, 207
252      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



Fellowship of Reconciliation (FOR) 124
Fetal Alcohol Syndrome (FAS) 111
Filipino-Filipina American 30, 57, 78, 94, 248, 299, 364, 453, 459
film directors 337, 338
film industry 88, 237
Florida 191
Florin, California 444
Flu Epidemic, 1918, Alaska 281
Folklore 438
football players 187, 213, 414
Fresno, California 404, 406

gambling 356, 424
gangs 138,372,383,392
Gay-Lesbian 107,263
Georgia 1,10,18, 31,44, 67, 72,203,225, 318, 351, 474, 496
Georgia Sea Island Singers 225
Ghana 20, 304
Gibson, Althea 115
Ginling College, China 487
Glen Allan, Mississippi 428
Golden Hill Reservation 350
Grand Canyon, Arizona 170
Gwich'in (Kutchin) Athapascan Indians 180, 346
Gwich'in (Kutchin) Athapascan language 346

Hacker, Marilyn 107
Haida Indians (Alaska) 62,116
Havasupai Indians 170
Hawaii 78, 328, 333, 402, 425, 459
Hawaiian 439
Hawaiian sovereignty 439
Hidatsa (Gros Ventres) Indians 157
higher education 344
Highlander Folk School 340
Hill Air Force Base 155
Hiroshima, Japan 394
Hispanic 155, 479
historians 357
Hollywood 88
home economists 108, 478
Hong Kong 209,237
                              Index                                 253



Hopi Indians 376
housing projects 216, 267, 298, 462
Hughes, Alaska 36, 37
Hughes, Langston 205
Hurricane Betsy 488
Huslia, Alaska 396

Illinois 86, 93, 298, 344, 370, 383, 440, 441, 474
immigration 9, 57, 78, 79, 90, 94, 175, 176, 208, 209, 232, 249, 262,
             270, 282, 299, 317, 330, 341, 345, 363, 371, 384, 394, 401,
             415, 424, 446, 454
India 9, 341
Indiana 73
Indians of All Tribes 136, 271
international law 12
internment camps 38, 139, 183, 193, 210, 212, 233, 240, 260, 277,
             327, 360, 384, 394, 425, 443, 444, 449, 450, 489, 495
Inupiaq 314, 390
Iowa 17,359,454,498
Iroquois 28
Islam 2,12, 392
Israeli-Palestinian Peace Accord, 1994 446
Issei 139, 234, 260, 384, 424, 449, 495
Italy 470

Jagger, Mick 201
Jamaica 202, 371
Japan 8,182, 293, 310, 394, 461
Japanese American 38, 118, 139, 182, 183, 193, 210, 212, 233, 234,
            240, 248, 260, 277, 293, 310, 326, 327, 360, 384, 394, 422,
            424, 425, 443, 444, 449, 450, 489, 494, 495
Japanese American Citizens League (JACL) 182, 277
Japanese Peruvian 183
Jazz 34, 45,104,169
Journal of Negro History 163
journalists 83, 141, 158, 192, 203, 214, 279, 315, 321, 322, 407, 461,
              467
Jubilee 463
Judaism 252
judges 56, 289

Kaltag, Alaska 228, 390
254       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



Kansas 159,289,338
Kansas City, Missouri 344
Kenai (Athapascan) dialect 227
Kentucky 137, 223
Ketchikan, Alaska 62
Khmer Rouge 270, 401
Kibei 182,293,494
King, Martin Luther 86, 236
Kiowa Indians 296, 475
Klallam Indians 319
Klikitat Indians (Yakima Indian Nation) 307
Konko Church 139
Korea 249,333
Korean American 209, 248, 249, 333, 336
Korean Independence Movement 209, 333, 336
Korean War 297
Koyukon Athapascan Indians 63, 105, 219, 281, 308, 346, 365, 390,
            396, 400, 423
Koyukuk, Alaska 105, 400
Kumeyaay Indians 101
Kutchin Athapascan language 346
Kutchin (Gwich'in) Athapascan Indians 180, 346

La Cruz Blanc 458
La Marcha de la Reconquista 456
labor movement 195, 196
Laguna Pueblo Indians 11, 395
Lakota Indians 58, 59, 96, 111, 244, 411, 418, 420, 499
language 374
LaRouche, Lyndon 367
Las Vegas, Nevada 356, 483
lawyers 5, 6,12,194, 289,482
Lenape Indians 261
Little Rock, Arkansas 35
Little Rock Nine 35
London 201
Los Angeles Baptist College 471
Los Angeles, California 5, 414, 417, 418
Los Angeles Lakers 97
Louisiana 210, 348
Luiseno Indians 325
lynching 73
                              Index                        255



Mandan Indians 122
Marion, Indiana 73
Maryland 42, 419, 473
Massachusetts 282, 306, 348
Mayor of Atlanta 496
Mayor of Detroit 497
McCarthyism 254, 497
Mendenhall Ministries 471
Mesquaki Indians 498
Mesquaki Settlement, Iowa 498
Mestizo 120
Methodist Episcopal Church 429
Metis Indians 84,161
Metis Indians (Turtle Mountain) 84
Mexican 345
Mexican American 79, 262, 317, 458, 479
Mexican American communities 352
Mexican American Movement (MAM) 75
Mexican American Political Association (MAPA) 75
Mexican Revolution 262, 458
Mexico 98, 262, 345, 373, 385, 458
Michigan 126,160,194, 264, 497
migrant farm workers 79, 265, 317, 453
military service 8, 32, 65, 94, 182, 305, 343, 432
Mille Lacs Lake 229
Milwaukee, Wisconsin 1, 177
miners 44
Minneapolis, Minnesota 84
Minnesota 84,123,191, 229, 354, 443, 461
Minnesota Chippewa (Ojibwa) Indians 460
Minto, Alaska 220
Mississippi 23, 95, 427, 428, 429, 471, 478
Missouri 344
Miwok Indians 376
Model Cities Program 86
Modoc Indians 111
Mohawk Indians 28, 231, 261
Moline, Illinois 79
Montana 184, 411, 418
Montgomery, Alabama 340, 369
Montgomery bus boycott 340, 369, 388
Montgomery Improvement Association (M.I.A.)          388
256       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



motivational speakers 13, 65
Motown 160
MOVE 469
Musicians 34, 43, 45, 46,104,160,169, 225, 258, 290
myths and legends 238, 239, 395

NAACP 95, 305, 306, 480, 481, 483
National Association of Real Estate Brokers 441
National Chicano Moratorium 456
National Organization for Women (NOW) 312
Native Alaskan 36, 37, 55, 63,100, 105, 116,118, 179,180,190, 204,
            219, 220, 227, 228, 281, 308, 314, 320, 323, 324, 331, 346,
            365, 390, 396, 400, 423, 436, 437, 485
Native American 11, 28, 33, 48, 49, 54, 58, 59, 62, 69, 71, 84, 88, 91,
            96, 101, 109, 111, 112, 113, 121, 122, 132, 136, 152, 157,
            161, 168, 170, 172, 184, 189, 191, 197, 198, 199, 211, 229,
            230, 231, 241, 244, 246, 250, 261, 266, 268, 271, 280, 294,
            296, 297, 307, 319, 325, 329, 334, 335, 350, 356, 358, 361,
            376, 377, 381, 385, 395, 409, 410, 411, 416, 417, 418, 420,
            421, 423, 430, 445, 448, 451, 460, 461, 464, 466, 475, 484,
            492, 498, 499
Native fishing rights 335
Native rights 325
Natsitkutchin Athapascan Indians 346
Navajo (Dine'e) Indians 246, 250, 266, 268, 409, 466
Nebraska 297
Nepal 293
Nevada 356, 483
New England 431
New Hampshire 77
New Hanover County, North Carolina 115
New Jersey 125, 224
New Mexico 246, 266
New Orleans 488
New York (State) 28, 64, 278, 284, 422, 495
New York City 9, 32, 64, 108, 202, 237, 240, 287, 295, 322, 351, 382,
            452, 480
Newark, New Jersey 125
Nigeria 154
nineteenth century 16, 54, 68, 102, 128,135, 158, 161, 178, 188, 247,
            250, 431, 445
Nisei 182, 210,212, 234, 240,260, 360, 394, 425, 449,450, 489
                             Index                             257



Non-Partisan Lobby 53
North Carolina 64, 74, 108, 115, 164, 207, 284, 286, 287, 408, 429,
           438
Northern Cheyenne Indians 184, 411
northern migration 125
novelists 197, 380, 463
Nulato, Alaska 118, 219, 308
nurses 78

Oakland, California 150,186
Oglala (Lakota) Indians 464
Ohio 137, 253, 272, 299
Ojibwa Indians 84,136, 229, 335, 416, 417, 460, 461
Okinawa, Japan 182
Oklahoma 80,121, 271, 430
Olympic Project of Human Rights 117
Olympics, 1968 117
Oneida Indians 28
Onondaga Indians 28
open housing 137
oral literature 466
Oregon 345, 489
Osage Indians 361
Otoe-Missouria Indians 466

Pakistani Welsh 415
Palestine Liberation Organization 446
Palestinian American 446
Papago Indians—see Tohono O'odham Indians
Paugussett Indians 350
Pawnee Indians 466
Pennsylvania 43, 66, 70, 74, 302, 399, 469
Perkins School for the Blind, Boston 282
Peru 183
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 66, 74, 302, 469
Philippine Independence 94
Philippines 57, 78, 94, 343, 459
photographers 337, 338
pilots 264
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 43, 399
playwrights 20, 22, 32
258       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



poets 9,19, 20, 21, 29, 87, 156, 283, 310, 372, 385, 403, 404, 405, 406,
             461, 498
police brutality 456
political activists 10, 15, 66, 90, 95, 103, 110, 124,166,186, 200, 209,
             216, 271, 292, 306, 343, 359, 369, 370, 391, 431, 439, 440,
             452, 473, 480, 483, 494, 496, 497
Pomo Indians 91
Portage Lake 229
Powhatan Indians 132
preparatory schools 77
Presbyterian Church 285
priests 120
prisons 29, 31, 42, 73,109,141, 215, 383, 392, 456, 476
professional wrestlers 414
psychologists 348
public health 78
Pueblo Indians (see also Laguna and Acoma Pueblo Indians) 230
Puerto Rican 90, 295, 330, 363, 382, 383, 433, 452
Puerto Rican sovereignty 452

racial awareness seminars 235
real estate 137, 313, 440, 441
Reconstruction 108, 177
refugees 176, 208, 270
religion 294
religious conversion 252
repatriation 341
reporters 322
Revolutionary War (American) 48
Richmond, California 15
Rock 'n Roll 46, 130, 201
Rolling Stone Magazine 130
Rondo District, St. Paul, Minnesota 123
Ruby, Alaska 63,190, 281
rural life 23, 31, 39, 49, 60, 64, 80, 126,143, 153, 164, 210, 250, 258,
             274, 284, 286, 318, 362, 425, 428, 438, 444, 474, 495
Russia 232

Sac and Fox Indians 498
Salish Indians 197
San Antonio, Texas 120
San Francisco, California 130,136, 278
                             Index                               259



San Francisco Chinatown 493
San Jose, California 38
San Jose Japantown 38
San Quentin Prison 29
Sansei 293, 310, 360
Santee (Dakota) Indians 109, 377
Saponi Indians 132
Savannah, Georgia 318
Schiller Institute 367
science fiction writers 107
scientists 487
segregation 56,166, 253, 305, 379, 428, 429
Selma, Alabama 367, 472
Seneca Indians 28, 48
Sewannee, Tennessee 162
Shawnee Indians 71
Shoshone Indians 358
Siksika (Blackfoot) Indians 198, 199
Simba, Inc. 150
Simpson County, Mississippi 471
singers 160, 225, 290
Skitswish (Coeur d'Alene) Indians 168
slave narratives 16, 68, 206, 207
slavery 87,102,108,153,177,178,188, 200, 431, 445
social welfare programs 267
social workers 17, 110
Socialism 452
sociologists 117
Soledad Brothers 103, 215
song writing 160
South Carolina 85, 127, 133, 153, 206, 287
South Dakota 58, 59, 84, 111, 112, 297, 418, 420, 499
Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC) 4, 85, 86, 388,
             496
Soviet Union 371
Spanish Civil War 490
Spelman College 89
spiritual beliefs 341
Spiritualism 411
Spokane, Washington 417
sports 1, 2, 3, 25, 26, 27, 43, 97,115,117,149,173,187, 213, 226, 278,
             354, 379, 412, 413, 414
260       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



sportscasters 379
sportswriters 379
St. Augustine's College, North Carolina 108
St. Louis Cardinals 149
St. Louis, Missouri 427
St. Paul, Minnesota 123
St. Paul's School, New Hampshire 77
Starkville, Mississippi 478
story tellers 24, 438
student athletes 117
Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC) 134, 389
students 203, 407
substance abuse 22, 42, 55, 58, 59, 65, 104, 109, 110, 126, 141, 150,
             194, 218, 242, 266, 297, 335, 368, 380, 412, 424, 446
Sun Dance Ceremony 448, 492
surgeons 299

Tacoma, Washington 257
Taiwan 255
Talbot County, Maryland 419
Tanaina Athapascan Indians 227, 331
Tanana, Alaska 365
Tanana Athapascan Indians 220
teachers 17, 47,52, 89,117,127,133,135,153, 223,245,262, 272, 287,
            300, 301, 344, 348, 362, 407, 415, 439, 462, 463, 478, 482,
            487
Tennessee 162, 454
tennis players 25, 26, 27, 115
Texas 24, 61, 75,120,142,143,156,166,181,200,258, 300, 345, 458
theologians 15
Time Magazine 243
Tlingit Indians 55, 323, 331
Togo 304
Tohono O'odham Indians 49, 280, 479
Topaz Relocation Camp, Utah 360
traditional arts 324
traditional healers 324
traditional music 225, 290
traditional practices 36, 37, 49, 63, 100, 101, 105, 112, 116, 157, 179,
             180, 184, 190, 191, 197, 198, 204, 211, 220, 227, 229, 244,
            250, 266, 294, 307, 308, 320, 324, 358, 365, 377, 390, 396,
            400, 409, 411, 417, 420, 436, 437, 448, 484, 485, 492
                             Index                              261



traditional stories 294, 409, 438
Trail of Tears 121
tribal history 466, 484
tribal politics 420
Tsimshian Indians (Alaska) 331
tuberculosis 420
Tucson, Arizona 273, 274, 385
Tuscarora Indians 28

U. S. Air force 142, 427, 470
U. S. Army 305, 422
U. S. Marine Corps 285
U. S. Navy 65,128, 353, 422
Uganda 371
Ukivok, Alaska 436
Uncle Remus Stories 438
undocumented workers 345
UNESCO 53
unions 75, 483, 494
United Farm Workers Union (UFW) 265, 453
United Methodist Church 15, 429
United States Communist Party (USCP) 254
United States Postal Service 353
University of California, Berkeley 117
University of California, Los Angeles 414
University of Georgia 203
Urban Crisis Center 235
Urban League 86
Utah 155,246,360

Vietnam 176, 349
Vietnam War 94, 175,176, 208, 256, 282, 349, 378, 401, 427, 432, 456
Vietnamese American 175, 176, 208, 248, 256, 282, 349
Virginia 70, 87,147, 216, 269, 284, 299, 302, 431, 487
Virginia Polytechnic, Blacksburg 487
visions 122, 261, 451

Washington 257, 417
Washington County, Texas 200
Washington, D.C. 164,194, 305, 378, 480
Washington Post 141, 279, 315, 407
Wesley, Charles H. 163
262       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994



Wisconsin 1, 177
Wolf Clan Cherokee Indians 113
Women's International League for Peace and Freedom (WILPF)
           306
Women's Religious Fellowship 53
Woodson, Carter G. 163
World War I 280
World War II 8, 67, 94, 166, 182, 193, 210, 212, 233, 240, 254, 260,
           277, 285, 327, 343, 384, 394, 402, 422, 425, 441, 449, 450,
           470, 489, 497
Wounded Knee 58
writers 9,14,19, 20, 21, 41, 57, 64, 74, 87,107,141,147,151,154,156,
           192, 197, 214, 222, 242, 243, 252, 256, 263, 265, 283, 287,
           295, 301, 310, 330, 336, 338, 357, 363, 372, 374, 375, 379,
           380, 403, 404, 405, 406, 415, 421, 446, 461, 463, 466, 476,
           482, 486, 493, 498

Yankton (Nakota) Indians 112
Yaqui Indians 230, 385, 451
Yobiyose 38
Yonsei 360
youth workers 173

Zapp-LaRouche, Helga 367
