Autobiographies
   by Americans
  OPE olors         208
      1995-2000
An Annotated Bibliography.




  Deborah Stuhr Iwabuehi-we
                        ice
    and Rebecca Stuhr
                 vi




                                            "
                                        é

                                            r
                                            a
                                        ,
                                            ve




                          ~
                                            at
                                            ae
                 ’




             :        =
                                        ee
                                         .




                      ~*~ _~

 a.         oS       aap       ae
                                    7




il



      eytee, |
     heal
     Ne
                                    a
                                        .
Autobiographies
        by
Americans of Color
     1995-2000
              Copyright © 2003
   Deborah Stuhr Iwabuchi & Rebecca Stuhr

Library of Congress Control Number 2002106775

              ISBN 0-87875-540-3

    Printed in the United States of America
                      Dedication



                To Manna and Hikari,     |
      the two Americans of color at my house.
                                     D1.              :


         To my children Helen and Martin,
           and to my nieces and nephews,
    Philip Jr., Manna, Julian, Hikari and Victoria.
I'm counting on you to make the world a better place!
                                    ao:
                                       Contents


Acktiow
   led gennents sic. Access tsngesecensesads nertenrarshades ss -equasapransmntr<cnigav
                                                                                 ound Vii

Introduction to the 1980-1994 Volyiinne 5.2 ecccencccsnc
                                                aneerence 1

Introduction to the 1995-2000 Volume.............cesscscsesssecesecesesseseeceeesees 9

The Bib
     OP Tapiny oo. g seco cpecne tana censencngerestentacsnsonnegs senareteeesuaraerscumea ta 13
                    Acknowledgements

         First and foremost, my thanks go to my co-author and
sister, Rebecca, who invited me to participate in this project and
gave me the opportunity to work with and learn from her profes-
sionally. Not only was it great to work with her so "closely" from
such a distance, but it gave my life an entirely new facet. I would
like to thank Amazon.com, Amazon.co.jp, my local broadband
provider, and many other Internet sources. The advances in com-
munications and on-line services were what made it possible for me
to work on this book from Japan. Not all booksellers will ship over-
seas, and my thanks go to my parents for serving as the U.S.
addressee and then sending the books on to me, after an initial pre-
view. Our parents have always been our biggest supporters, and
we look forward to (and depend on) seeing our various publica-
tions lovingly lined up on the coffee table on our visits home.       I
extend my appreciation to Barbara and Russell Tabbert who agreed
to read through our manuscript on relatively short notice when we
had loved it to the point where we couldn't edit it anymore, and
Grinnell College which provided a grant for that purpose. I would
also like to thank my husband, Ikuo, my daughters, and best friend
Pamela who were involuntary but not unwilling participants in a
project that the Japanese might describe as "endoresu (endless)."
                                                                Dau
                                                   Maebashi, Japan
          I too will begin my acknowledgements by thanking my co-
author, Deborah. Deborah was a patient and careful editor of the
first annotated bibliography (1980-1994) and was even more patient
and careful as a co-author. Deborah moved to Japan while I was
still in college. It was a wonderful experience for me to work so
closely with her when we live so far apart. My heartfelt thanks go
to Christopher McKee, the director of the Grinnell College Libraries
for supporting me in this endeavor, and to my wonderful colleagues
in the library for their interest in and support of my project. Special
thanks go to Leslie Gardner, library assistant for interlibrary loan,
who in fewer than three months fulfilled somewhere around 200
interlibrary loan requests for me (I wasn't counting but I did go over
my limit!). I thank Grinnell College for my semester sabbatical dur-
ing the fall of 2001 and for the generous grant from the college's
Committee for the Support of Faculty Scholarship that allowed
Deborah and me to take advantage of the exceptional editing skills
of Barbara and Russell Tabbert of Grinnell, lowa. Ithank my moth-
er and father, Barbara and Walter Stuhr, who have set an example
for me both through what they have expressed and through their
work and volunteer activities.    In both small and large ways my
parents have sought to bring about positive change to their com-
munity and the larger American society. I'd like to thank my friend
Mark for listening to me describe many of the books as I read them,
for showing continued interest in this project, proof reading
excerpts, and for offering moral support whenever I needed it.
Finally, I want to thank my children, Helen and Martin who are
always a source of inspiration for me and who were patient and
understanding at all of the right times. Helen deserves extra special
thanks for carefully checking all of our bibliographic citations
against OCLC's Worldcat database.
                                                                  R...S:
                                                      Grinnell College
                                                        Grinnell, lowa
        Introduction to the 1980-1994 Volume


         This introduction by Rebecca Stuhr was written for the first book
in this series, Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1980-1994.
While the actual works cited in it are not in this particular book, the com-
ments on methodology, ethnic/racial terms, and the significance of autobi-
ographical work fully apply, and thus it is reprinted here. A new intro-
duction on the characteristics of this current work is included following.
        The past twenty-five years have seen a steady increase in
the writing of autobiography. The number of autobiographies
included in this bibliography which were published during the first
five years of the 1990s is exactly twice the number of autobiogra-
phies included which were published during the first five years of
the 1980s (220 vs. 110). This growing number of personal stories
made public encompasses a rich diversity of cultures, personalities,
motivations,   and, of course,    experiences.     There   has been   some
scholarly discussion of what constitutes autobiography, and I
believe the definition is wide open. Philippe Lejeune writes in "The
Autobiographical Contract" that a work can be called an autobiog-
raphy if the author of the work, the narrator, and the subject of the
work all have the same name, and if the author claims to be telling
the truth. He defines autobiography to be "a retrospective prose
narrative produced by a real person concerning his own existence,
focusing on his individual life, in particular on the development of
his personality" (p. 193). Lynn Z. Bloom includes partial and full-
length self portraits, dual portraits, group histories, diaries, letters,
oral histories, collections   of personal narratives, slave narratives,
accounts of particular events, and blends of fiction, myth, and
personal narrative (p. 171) among the kinds of literature that she
would categorize as autobiography in her article "American
Autobiography: The Changing Critical Canon." James Olney, in his
2         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



book Metaphors of Self, includes poetry as a permissible genre for
autobiography, and presents an extensive discussion of the autobi-
ographical nature of T. S. Eliot's Four Quartets.
        I have not applied a strict definition of autobiography in
this compilation, and the term may seem to have been liberally
applied in some instances. I did not include autobiographical fic-
tion, but some works border on the fictional, such as Ray Young
Bear's Black Eagle Child, Maxine Hong Kingston's The Woman
Warrior, and Oscar Zeta Acosta's Autobiography of a Brown Buffalo
and Revolt of the Cockroach People. Some of the books included are
non-autobiographical collections of essays critiquing some aspect of
society, but they nonetheless provide insight into the workings of
the mind of the author. Some examples of this type of book are
Richard Rodriguez’ Days of Obligation: An Argument With My
Mexican Father, Pat Mora's Nepantla: Essays From the Land in the
Middle, Nikki Giovanni's Racism        101, and Patricia Williams’     The
Alchemy of Race and Right. A few of the works are family histories,
focusing on parents, children, or siblings, but including the experi-
ences, impressions, and feelings of the author. The works of inter-
nationally recognized writers and unknown individuals whose
autobiographies may be their first and perhaps their only written
work, oral testimonies instigated by the subject or by a third party,
and "as told to" or "written with" works by celebrities or other
socially prominent people are all included in this bibliography.         I
have excluded       straight interviews,   theses and dissertations,   and
unpublished materials such as typescripts. Also excluded are jour-
nal articles or isolated autobiographical chapters (the entries for
Lucille Clifton and Haunani-Kay Trask might be considered excep-
tions to this policy). As one last detail, I will point out that there
were 20 or so books that I was unable to locate, and these have been
left unannotated.
        Although this book aims at a comprehensive presentation
of material published since 1980, I have, no doubt, overlooked some
books. The autobiographies of sports stars and other high-profile
celebrities, for example, may have been missed. Because of their
renown, these individuals have transcended society's need (or per-
haps merely that of the Library of Congress) to categorize citizens
by race, and so their works are more difficult to track down. There
are a number of idiosyncrasies in this compilation surrounding the
limitation of dates. It is easy enough to select a cut off date
                Introduction to the 1980-1994 Volume                  3




(although it is tempting to include the autobiographies published
during 1995), but it is difficult to define a clear starting date. The
overall goal of this bibliography is to serve as a practical tool: it
should establish the existence of this material and gather it togeth-
er at one access point; it should also enable the reader to obtain as
many of these books as possible either from book stores or libraries.
A number of these autobiographies were written in the nineteenth
century.    Some were published at that time and only reprinted for
the first time after 1980, whereas some were never published until
after 1980. The peruser of this bibliography will find citations for
books that were published in the decades preceding 1980, but which
have been republished within the defined time frame, sometimes
with new material or revisions.     For the most part, however, I have
not annotated this category of older books. Many of them will have
been annotated in one of the several important bibliographies that
should be consulted along with this one: Russell Brignano's Black
Americans in Autobiography, David Brumble's An Annotated
Bibliography of American Indian and Eskimo Autobiographies, Lynn
Woods O'Brien's Plains Indians Autobiographies, and Briscoe, et al.,
American Autobiography, 1945-1980.
           The entries are arranged alphabetically by author, except in
one or two instances. Ethnic identification is provided by the index.
Authors who are members of tribal groups are indexed by tribe and
by the terms "Native American,” or "Native Alaskan.” "Chicano-
Chicana” is used for American-born authors of Mexican descent.
Writers born in Mexico are indexed under "Mexican American."         In
a few cases, because it seemed as though this is what the writer
would wish, "Hispanic" has been used. Although it sounds awk-
ward, and I apologize for this, writers from India have been indexed
by the phrase "East Indian American" or "East Indian."
        The appropriateness of autobiography as a genre for indi-
viduals who view themselves as, or are regarded as being, outside
of the western European writing tradition has been explored by a
number of theorists. David Brumble discusses this issue as it relates
to the oral tradition of most Native American tribal groups in his
book American Indian Autobiography. He examines specific examples
of types of stories which he would describe as autobiographical in
nature even if they do not conform to what is considered to be the
western autobiographical tradition, and, therefore, finds that auto-
biography is a natural means of expression for Native Americans.
4          Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



Frank Chin, in his provocative article, "This is Not an
Autobiography," argues that autobiography is an inappropriate
form for American writers of Chinese descent. He identifies auto-
biography with the Christian confessional tradition as exemplified
by St. Augustine, and sees no place for Chinese American writers
within this tradition.
        Susanna Egan makes a powerful case for the power of
autobiography as a survival tool for members of marginalized
groups, including racial minorities, women, the working class, and
gay and lesbian individuals. In her article, "The Changing Faces of
Heroism," she describes the typical autobiography of an earlier era
typified in the United States by the autobiographies of Ben Franklin,
Henry Adams,       and Henry David       Thoreau.       These men       wrote
toward the end of their lives when their reputations and value to
society were already established. They were members of the ruling
class. They assumed themselves to be the inheritors, as well as the
conduits of a rich cultural heritage, a heritage which, without
doubt, would be shared by their readers. In contrast, the new auto-
biographer, as described by Egan, does not come from the elite.
According to Egan, "we now find literary talent and a strong auto-
biographical impulse emerging from all walks of life. ... The palm
has passed from white, middle class men of distinction to the...
minorities of our culture who write precisely because of their lack of
other kinds of power and their need to be heard" (p. 23).                These
authors write about rebellion and survival.            Rather than looking
back on a heroic journey, they are most likely writing in the midst of
their lives. The end of the journey is yet to come, the problems they
confront   are   still unresolved,   their   success    or   failure   remains
unevaluated. By writing, they establish their place in history, mak-
ing their particular experiences, thoughts, and actions part of the
permanent written record. Egan maintains that the very act of writ-
ing for "this modern crop of autobiographers . . . is not a matter of
explanation, apology, or clarification of public record, but entirely a
matter of survival" (p. 27).
        This fight to affirm the value of self is clearly apparent in the
autobiographies of the poet Jimmy Santiago Baca, who describes his
prison ordeal; the journalist Jill Nelson, who writes about her expe-
riences at the Washington Post; Melba Pattillo Beals, who survived a
year-long fight to desegregate Central High School in Little Rock;
the poet Louis Rodriguez, who opens his story with his fears for the
              Introduction to the 1980-1994 Volume                       5




spiritual and physical survival of his son; Sanyika Shakur, who
writes from prison; Elaine Brown, the former Black Panther Leader,
who ends her story with her escape from her former comrades;
Assata Shakur, who was targeted by the FBI's COINTEL program;
and Norma Marcere and Ruthie Bolton, who sought to re-establish
a sense of personal value after having been victims of physical and
emotional abuse.
        By affixing their personal story onto the larger history of
society, these autobiographers have also made it possible for those
who share aspects of their recorded experiences to find a place for
themselves in this society and in history. Many of the autobiogra-
phers included in this compilation relate their feelings upon first
discovering their cultural heritage, either through books or from
some knowledgeable mentor. Through writing, they gain an entire-
ly new perspective of themselves in the world. These autobiogra-
phies, then, provide numerous opportunities for readers with simi-
lar experiences to find inspiration.
         It is also important to share these stories with those indi-
viduals who believe they cannot relate to such narratives, or who
would like to believe that they are untouched by the many struggles
depicted within the stories. Johnetta Cole writes in her forward to
Gloria Wade-Gayles's autobiography that "the recollections of one
black woman become the mirror into which each of us can see how
alike and how different we are. We can encounter the exquisite
diversity and amazing similarity in the human condition" (p. viii).
Julius Lester emphasizes the importance of understanding the expe-
riences of others in his essay "Tied in a Single Garment."       He writes
that

            ... to understand racism we must use our imagi-
            nations    and   enter  the lives of others.
            Understanding racism requires us to know in the
            marrow of our beings that the way in which we
            experience the world is not how others always
            experience it, and more important, the way we
            experience the world is not the only way or even
            the best.                                  (p. 26)

The stories in these autobiographies show us that while our frames
of reference and our individual circumstances cause each of us to
have a unique outlook and a unique collection of experiences, we
6          Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



share the basic human need for love and acceptance, we share many
of the same aspirations, hopes and fears, and we long for a certain
spiritual fulfillment.
         We are experiencing, in this decade of the nineties, a politi-
cal backlash against, and an open hostility toward differences of
race, socio-economic status, and issues of gender and sexual prefer-
ence.   We need more than ever to understand each other, to have
insight into the experiences of all citizens of this country, to
acknowledge that we are all, indeed, no matter what our ethnic
background or number of years in residence, citizens of the United
States. These life stories provide all readers with a broad, and per-
haps truer sense of U.S. history than it is possible to obtain from a
text book or scholarly journal. I consider it a privilege to have
encountered each of these books. I have gained new perspective
and a deepened understanding of many issues to which I might oth-
erwise have remained oblivious. I hope that these stories will
enlighten all of us to the variety of individuals living in this coun-
try, and to the myriad cultures which we are fortunate to share. We
have all gained from each other, and our "American culture"
changes each time a new person arrives.     None of us is untouched
by the other.
        I prepared this bibliography in part for my own children,
who are growing up in a small Midwestern town. Except for the
racially-mixed nature of their own extended family, they lead a fair-
ly homogenous existence. I hope that the knowledge I have gained
in preparing this bibliography can be passed on to them, and that,
when at some point they are able to read these life stories, they will
develop an understanding of all that it means to be a citizen of this
country.

                                                 Rebecca Stuhr (1997)
                Introduction to the 1980-1994 Volume                            z



                                  Works Cited

Bloom, Lynn Z. "American Autobiography: the Changing Critical Canon."
    Auto/Biography Studies:A/B 9.2 (Fall 1994): 167-180.
Brignano, Russell.       Black Americans in Autobiography: An Annotated
     Bibliography of Autobiographies and Autobiographical Books Written Since the
     Civil War. Durham, North Carolina: Duke University Press, 1984.
Briscoe, Mary Louise, Lynn Z. Bloom and Barbara Tobias.          American
    Autobiography, 1945-1980: A Bibliography.      Madison: University of
    Wisconsin Press, 1982.
Brumble, H. David III. "A Supplement to an An Annotated Bibliography of
    American Indian and Eskimo Autobiographies." Western American Literature
    17 (1982): 243-260.                                                      ;
—. American Indian Autobiography. Berkeley: University of California Press,
     1988.
—. An Annotated Bibliography of American Indian and Eskimo Autobiographies.
     Lincoln: University of Nebraska Press, 1981.
Chin, Frank. "This is Not an Autobiography.” Genre 17 (June 1985): 109-130.
Egan, Susanna. "The Changing Faces of Heroism: Some Questions Raised by
      Contemporary Autobiography." Biography 10.1 (1987): 20-38.
Lejeune, Philippe. "The Autobiographical Contract" in French Literary Theory
      Today. Edited by Tvetan Todorov. New York: Cambridge University
      Press, 1982.
Lester, Julius.    "Tied in a Single Garment."     Hungry Mind Review 31
      (September 1994).
O'Brien, Lynne Woods. Plains Indian Autobiographies. Western Writers Series.
      10. Boise: Boise State College, 1973.
Olney, James. Metaphors of Self: The Meaning of Autobiography. Princeton:
     Princeton University Press, 1972.




                             Additional Reading

Bataille, Gretchen M. and Kathleen Mullen Sands. American Indian Women,
      Telling Their Lives. Lincoln: University of Nebraska Press, 1984.
Eakin, John Paul, ed.       American Autobiography: Retrospect and Prospect.
     Wisconsin Studies in Autobiography. Madison: University of Wisconsin
     Press, 199%;
Holte, James C. "The Representative Voice: Autobiography and the Ethnic
     Voice." MELUS: Society for the Study of the Multi-Ethnic Literature of the
     United States 9.2 (June 1982): 25-46.
Kazin, Alfred. "Autobiography as Narrative.” Michigan Quarterly Review 3
     (September 1964): 210-216.
Krupat, Arnold. For Those Who Come After: A Study of Native American
     Autobiography. Berkeley: University of California Press, 1985.
8          Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



Lidoff, Joan. "Autobiography in a Different Voice: Maxine Hong Kingston's
     The Woman Warrior." Auto/Biography Studies:A/B 3.3 (Fall 1987): 29-35.
Nericcio, William Anthony. "Autobiographies at La Frontera: The Quest for
     Mexican-American Narrative." The Americas Review 16.3-4 (September
    1988): 165-187.
Payne, James Robert, ed.       Multicultural Autobiography:   American    Lives.
    Knoxville: University of Tennessee Press, 1992.
Rayson, Ann.    “Beneath the Mask: Autobiographies of Japanese-American
    Women."    MELUS 14 (March 1987): 43-57.
Saldivar, Ramon. "Ideologies of the Self: Chicano Autobiography.” Diacritics
     (September 1985): 25-34.
Sanders, Mark A. "Theorizing the Collaborative        Self: The Dynamics      of
    Contour and Content in the Dictated Autobiography."           New Literary
    History 25.2 (March 1994): 445-458.
Sands, Kathleen Mullen.       “Telling 'A Good One': Creating a Papago
     Autobiography." MELUS 10 (1983): 55-65.
Stone, Albert, ed. The American Autobiography: A Collection of Critical Essays.
    Englewood Cliffs: Prentice-Hall, 1981.
        Introduction to the 1995-2000 Volume


        The most notable difference between this publication, cov-
ering a span of five years, and the 1997 volume, covering a span of
fifteen years, is the length. The 1997 bibliography contains 499
entries, a significantly shorter work than the current bibliography,
which contains 674 entries.    Even after subtracting twenty-two
cross-references, the number of autobiographies written during
1995-2000 is impressive, perhaps even startling. The 1997 bibliog-
raphy took one person about a year-and-a-half to complete.      This
present volume took two people two-and-a-half years, and it is safe
to say that when we undertook the project we gravely underesti-
mated the amount of work involved. We made the false assumption
that there would be fewer books to compile and read for a five year
period of publication than for a fifteen year period. The American
practice of generous interlibrary loan, and, of course, the United
States publication of the books, made access to the autobiographies
much easier for Rebecca than for me. We met three times over the
course of the project, twice in the United States and once in Japan,
but most of our communication was by email or telephone (often
with one of us barely awake, and the other just falling asleep).
        As with the 1997 volume, we relied initially on OCLC's
WorldCat database, the closest thing to a world-wide online library
catalog, to compile the bibliography. When using this database, one
depends primarily on the Library of Congress subject headings for
access to bibliographic records.   The weaknesses inherent in these
subject headings are described in the previous introduction. To sup-
plement this database, we began to investigate other Internet
resources available to anyone with a modem anywhere in the
world. Amazon.com, for example, has a database of "biographies &
memoirs: ethnic & national" that contains several thousand entries.
10        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



By sorting through this list by date of publication, autobiography or
biography, and ethnicity, we were able to add many more books to
the bibliography. Amazon.com's list includes autobiographies by
celebrities and athletes, a category of autobiographies more difficult
to identify in WorldCat and one less well represented in the 1980-
1994 book.
        Four hundred and thirty-five of the autobiographies in this
bibliography were written by African Americans, compared to 247
for the previous fifteen years. Included in these 435 references is a
selection of books written during the eighteenth and nineteenth
centuries which have been digitized and are part of a growing col-
lection called Documenting the American South created by the
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Academic Affairs
Library (http://docsouth.unc.edu/). There are also several digi-
tized books from the Digital Schomburg Collection of African American
Women Writers of the 19t Century  (http:/ /digital nypl.org/schom-
burg/writers_aa19/) presented by the New York Public Library's
Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture (http://www.
nypLorg/research/sc/sc.html).
        Among these 435 autobiographies are many by musicians,
entertainers, and athletes. There is also a rich body of work docu-
menting individual contributions to the fight to end segregation
and exclusion dating back to the early decades of this century, and
to the Civil Rights Movement of the 1950s and 1960s. Some books
are by such prominent leaders as John Lewis, Fred Gray, Constance
Baker Motley, and Andrew Young. There are also stories of the
unsung heroes and heroines of the Civil Rights Movement, such as
the people in the South who risked their lives and livelihoods to line
up at the courthouses to register to vote and the people who had the
courage to send their children to formerly all-white schools or to be
named in anti-discrimination suits. Also collected here are the
stories of teachers who were not allowed to attend colleges in their
home states, but who went back to teach and give other African-
American children an education, the stories of World War II veter-
ans who risked their lives for democracy, and then returned home
to treatment worse than that of the German POWs, and the stories
of the children of sharecroppers who overcame seemingly insur-
mountable odds to pursue opportunities for a better life.
Entertainers and athletes who lived and worked during the first
two-thirds of the century contribute to the narrative of the Civil
               Introduction to the 1995-2000 Volume                    11



Rights Movement as they tell of their struggle with lack of oppor-
tunity, discrimination, and unfair compensation practices. Many of
these well-known entertainers lent their names to activist causes or
pursued their own: Ossie and Ruby Davis, Sammy Davis, Jr, Dick
Gregory, Ruth Brown, and many more.
         Along with the significant increase in autobiographies by
African Americans, I noticed three other categories that were either
new or better represented in this bibliography.
        There is a small but significant number of books by Cuban
Americans, many of whom escaped from Cuba as children, during
the early 1960s. Cubans who received exit visas to the United States
were given no more than a few hours to leave their homes, and they
lost everything they owned. Those who were children grew up to
become Cuban Americans while many of their parents remained
exiles at heart. This younger generation, or "one-and-a-half" gener-
ation, as they call themselves, has just begun to write about their
lives and express their feelings about Cuba and Fidel Castro.
         Japanese Americans incarcerated in camps during World
War II are beginning to tell of their experiences through their chil-
dren and through oral history projects. Some of the books included
in this bibliography were written or recorded by third-generation
Japanese Americans (Sansei) who were born after the war, but who
have discovered that the World War II internment of their parents
and grandparents had an indirect but distinct impact on their own
lives. As with the Cuban Americans, the recording of history has
been left, for the most part, to the younger generation.
         People of multiracial or multiethnic background are start-
ing to record their struggle to come to terms with their complicated
identities. As an American who has lived her entire adult life in a
"foreign" country (Japan) and the mother of two multiracial daugh-
ters, I found the autobiographies of this group of people especially
interesting. (As a matter of fact, six of my parents’ seven grand-
children are "Americans of color.") While the stories of this growing
segment of the population describe many of the problems of race
faced by their individual parents, they also present a new set of
dilemmas   which are unique to the writers, and it is interesting to
note the similarities of their experiences and view points, no matter
what their racial or ethnic background. They most frequently note
their inability, or perceived inability, to fit into either or any of the
societies and cultures they represent.
12         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        The concept of feeling a sense of belonging to a particular
society or culture brings me to my final point: the inherent value of
reading the books we have annotated here. The walls between and
surrounding cultures and the differences in experiences are daunt-
ing and as difficult to get across as a mine field. Working through
each book in this collection meant spending time with each author.
I felt as though I were sitting in the living room of the people whose
stories I was reading, listening to them talk directly to me. Here was
information I had been looking for most of my life: multicultural
people who shared my problems, multiracial children who provid-
ed me with lessons on how to raise my daughters, people of other
races and backgrounds who patiently sat down and explained their
experiences to me. Although many of the explanations and lessons
conflict with each other, each author's point of view is clear. After a
few months of reading, it seemed to me that many of the barriers to
peaceful human coexistence would dissolve if we all spent time
reading about—in a sense listening to—each other. Rebecca and I
are proud to present the following bibliography and hope that it
will benefit you in both your personal and scholarly pursuits.

                                                  Deborah Stuhr Iwabuchi




A note about the bibliography:

          As in the previous volume, we annotated all books that we were
able to read. Those we were unable to purchase or borrow through interli-
brary loan are included with full bibliographic information and indexed
when possible, but have no annotation. Some autobiographies which were
included in our first bibliography or predated that bibliography, have since
been reissued in new editions. We included these in the present work, but
did not annotate them.   Finally, we did include, and, for the most part, anno-
tate, works that should have appeared in the first bibliography but were
missed.
                   The Bibliography

Children of the Dream: Our Own Stories of Growing Up Black in
America. Edited by Laurel Holliday. New York, New York:
Pocket Books, 1999. 431 pages; photographs; suggested read-
ing. ISBN: 067100803X.
  Notes:      Also published as "an abridged young readers edition"
  New York: Pocket Books, 2000. ISBN: 0671041274 (199 pages) and
  as an unabridged paperback New York: Washington Square Press,
  2000. ISBN: 0671008064.
  Abstract: This is an anthology of thirty-eight essays by African
  Americans who have each written about a specific aspect of their
  childhood. Subjects include incidents of racial discrimination, dis-
  crimination within the black community, the matter of hair for
  black women, education, and many others.        In the introduction,
  the editor describes the contributors: "Ranging in age from eleven
  to seventy-five and raised in twenty-two states, the writers in this
  volume provide a wide window on the experience of growing up
  black in the United States" (p. xi).
  Contents:   Arline Lorraine Piper, "The Question."  Amitiyah
  Elayne Hyman, "Sticks and Stones and Words and Bones."
  Staajabu, "255 Sycamore Street." Arthur B. Arnold, "Field of
  Beans." Bernestine Singley, "White Friends." Marion Coleman
  Brown, "My First Friend (My Blond-haired, Blue-eyed Linda)."
  Millicent    Brown,   "The Dippity-Do   Revolution,   or Grown-ups
  Don't Have a Clue." J. K. Dennis, "Silver Stars." Toni Pierce Webb,
  "Warmin' da Feet o' da Massa."     Robert E. Penn, "War." Sarah
  Bracey White, "Freedom Summer."         Kenneth Carroll, "Sunday
  Kinda Love." Ronald K. Fitten, "First Lesson in Rage; Fascination
  Turned to Hate in 1967 Detroit Riot." Tracy Price Thompson,
  "Bensonhurst: Black and. Then Blue.”     Dianne E. Dixon, "The
  Lesson."    Dawn D. Bennett-Alexander, "(R)Evolution of Black and
14        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


       White."     E. K. Daufin, "What I Dreaded."             Yvonne    "Princess"
       Jackson, "Runover." Anthony Ross, "Little Tigers Don't Roar." Tisa
       Bryant, "Zoo Kid." Aya de Leon, "Hitting Dante." Desiree Cooper,
        "Color My World." Antoine P. Reddick, "All the Black Children."
       Anita     LaFrance     Allen,    "The   Divided   Cafeteria."    Ben   Bates,
        "Boomerism,     or Doing Time          in the Ivy League."       LeVan    D.
       Hawkins, "Fred." Crystal Ann Williams, "In the Belly of a Clothes
       Rack." Erica S. Turnipseed, "Hand Games." Touré, "Blackman-
       walkin." Charisse Nesbit, "Child of the Dream." Shilanda L. Wool-
       ridge, "Rite of Processes." Winston Eldridge, "Have a Nice Day!"
       Tess Alexandra Bennett Harrison, "Mixed' Emotions."           Mia
        Threlkeld, "A True Friend?" Anne Alexis Bennett Alexander, "The
        Black Experience. .. ?" Linnea Colette Ashley, "A Waste of Yellow:
        Growing Up Black in America." Caille Milner, "Black Codes:
        Behavior in the Post-Civil Rights Era." Jennifer Dawn Bennett
        Alexander, "Betrayal, in Black and White."

     A Different Battle: Stories of Asian Pacific American Veterans.
     Edited by Carina A. del Rosario. Historical essay by Ken
     Mochizuki and Carina del Rosario. Contemporary photo-
     graphs by Dean Wong. Seattle, Washington: Wing Luke Asian
     Museum: University of Washington Press, 1999. 127 pages;
     photographs. ISBN: 0295979194.
        Abstract: The Wing Luke Museum edited these fifty-one inter-
        views which were originally conducted with Asian Pacific veter-
        ans by the Densho Japanese American Legacy Project, the Filipino
        American National Historical Society, and Seattle Sansei.             In the
        preface, freelance writer Carina A. del Rosario states the purpose
        of the collection:
                  We want to acknowledge and honor the thou-
                  sands of people of Asian and Pacific Islander
                  descent who fought in or with the United States
                  Armed Forces, whose efforts have long been
                  overlooked. We want people to see the faces of
                  Asian Pacific Americans wearing U.S. military
                  uniforms. ... Beyond this recognition of military
                   participation, however, is the desire to present
                   the reality of war. We want to give people a look
                   at war from the eyes of those who have experi-
                  enced it.                                      (Preface)
        Ethnic backgrounds             of veterans   include   Chinese-American,
        Japanese-American,   Filipino-American,  Korean-American,
        Samoan-American, Guamian, and Chinese-Vietnamese-American.
                         The Bibliography                                              15



       The wars these veterans fought in include pre-World War II con-
       flicts, World War II, the Korean War,          the Vietnam               Conflict,
       Grenada, and the Persian Gulf War.

3.   East to America: Korean American Life Stories. Edited by Elaine
     H. Kim and Eui-Young Yu. New York, New York: New Press,
     1996. 386 pages; map.       ISBN: 1565842979 : 1565843991.
       Abstract: The editors decided to interview Korean Americans to
       end the stereotypes of this ethnic group that grew out of the 1992
       Los Angeles riots after the Rodney King incident.
                The   two     recurrent    images   most   frequently
                [broadcast] by the commercial news media .                  .
                were of Korean men on rooftops guarding their
                stores with guns .. . and of Korean merchants,
                mostly female, screaming hysterically or beg-
                ging and crying in front of their ruined stores.
                Korean American opinions were scarcely solicit-
                ed, except as they could be used in the already-
                constructed    discourse    on race relations, which
                for the most part blamed African Americans and
                Latinos for their poverty and scapegoated
                Korean Americans as robotic aliens who have no
                "real" right to be here in the first place, and there-
                fore deserve whatever happens to them.
                                                                 (p. xvi)
       The editors conducted       one hundred      interviews     with Korean
       Americans, each between three and eighteen hours in length, and
       published thirty-eight of them in this book. In choosing the inter-
       views to be printed, the editors tried to maintain a balance
       between immigrants, "1.5 generation," and second-generation
       Korean Americans. They also looked for different types of occu-
       pations and experiences. The overall impression made by the sub-
       jects was also important:
               Because we could not offer the Korean-language
               interviews verbatim and because we recalled
               vividly how Korean immigrants were cast in the
               media as inarticulate aliens during the Los
               Angeles riots, we decided against using verba-
               tim transcript data. We edited and rearranged
               them, taking pains to follow people's words as
               closely as possible.                     (p. xii)
16       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



       The names of the interview subjects and the titles of their inter-
       views are listed below. Each interview includes a brief sketch of
       the background of the subject:
            K. W. Lee, "Urban Impressionist."    Stella Soon-Hi Koh, "Dirty
            Laundry." Dong Hwan Ku, "War Zone." Imjung Kwuon,
            "Launched." Tong Sun Lim, "Revitalizing America." Maeun
            Koch'u [sic], "Hot Pepper."     Kyong-Ae Price, "Spiritual
            Tension." Dredge Kang, "Multiple-Box Person." Abbot Doh-
            An Kim, "Casual Connection."      Eun Sik Yang, "Distorted
            History." Sung Yong Park, "Tasting America." Kyu [Min] Lee,
            "Chino."  Kathy Kim, "Starting From Zero."    Sean Suh,
            "Dragon." Brenda Paik Sunoo, "Tommy's Mother." Richard
            Chung, "Away From the Center." Kyung-Ja Lee, "A Humble
            Messenger.” Youn Jae Kim, "A Seeker and a Fighter." Han
            Chol Hong, "Strong Determination." Hyun Yi Kang, "No
            Spokesperson." Y. Chang, "House of Haesun." Paul Kim,
            "Getting Real."     Alexander   Hull, "Cruise Control."    Serena
            Choi, "Head of Household." Sandy Lee, "Non-traditional and
            Korean." Young Soon Han, "Second Homeland."          Yanny Rhee,
            "Love Letter From a Stranger.” James Ryu, "Hanging Onto My
            Dream." Nataly Kim, "One Chapter a Day." James Park, "Man
            of the House." Jay Kun Yoo, "Pilgrimage." Young Kim, "Born
            to Be a Soldier."   Janine Bishop, "Adopted."   Kook Kim Dean,
            "Black and Korean." Kun Soo Kang, "Year of the Sheep."
            Young Shin, "A Higher Ground."     Sookhee Choe Kim,
            "Perpetually Marginal." Bong Hwan Kim, "As American as
            Possible."

4.   Flat-Footed Truths: Telling Black Women’s          Lives.   Edited by
     Patricia Bell-Scott with Juanita Johnson-Bailey.            New York,
     New York: Henry Holt and Company, 1998. 230 pages; photo-
     graphs. ISBN: 0805046283 : 0805046291.
        Abstract: In her introduction, editor Patricia Bell-Scott describes
        this collection,
                 This book is about the process of telling Black
                 women's lives, with an eye toward what folks in
                 my southern Black community called "flat-foot-
                 ed truths.” To tell the flat-footed truth means to
                 offer a story or statement that is straightforward,
                 unshakable, and unembellished.        This kind of
                 truth-telling, especially by and about Black
                 women, can be risky business because our lives
                 are often devalued and our voices periodically
                       The Bibliography                                       17



            silenced. ... It is designed as an extended con-
            versation that covers four major themes. Part I
            discusses the challenge of telling one's own life;
            Part II, the adventure of claiming lives neglected
            or lost; Part III, the affirmation of lives of resist-
            ance; and Part IV, the optimism and healing of
            lives transformed.                                 (p. xix)
  The anthology includes photographs, poetry and essays from the
  following contributors:
       Gilda Snowden, Ruth Forman, bell hooks, Patricia Bell-Scott,
       Juanita Johnson-Bailey, Marita Golden, Sojourner Truth,
       Brenda Faye Bell, Alice Walker, Pearl Cleage, Miriam
       DeCosta-Willis, Nell Irvin Painter, Akasha (Gloria) Hull,
       Robbie McCauley, Elaine Shelly, Audre Lorde, Anita F. Hull,
       Kate Rushin, Wini McQueen, Valerie Jean, and Becky Birtha.

Growing Up Asian American: An Anthology. Edited by Maria
Hong. New York, New York: William Morrow & Company,
1993. 416 pages. ISBN: 0688112668.
  Notes:   Also published      New     York: Avon     Books,     1993.    ISBN:
  0380724189.
  Abstract: The editor explains in her introduction that the "essays,
  excerpts, and short stories in this anthology are all previously pub-
  lished works about growing up in the United States. They have all
  been written by authors identified as Asian American" (p. 13). The
  pieces were written throughout the twentieth century. Each story
  is preceded by a biographical sketch of the author.
  Listed below are the authors, the titles of the pieces, the books they
  have been excerpted from if any, and his or her ethnic identifica-
  tion if not clear from the title:
      Sui Sin    Far   (aka Edith     Eaton),   "Pat and       Pan"    (Chinese
      American). Louise Leung Larson, "From Gee Sook to Beatty"
      (Sweet Bamboo: Saga of a Chinese American Family). Tooru J.
      Kanazawa,     "Frontier Home"      (Sushi and Sourdough [Japanese
      American]).    Toshio Mori, "Through Anger and Love"
      (Japanese American). Wakako Yamauchi, "And the Soul Shall
      Dance"    (Japanese American).        Marie    Hara,     "Fourth    Grade
      Ukus" (Japanese American). Gus Lee, "Toussaint" (China Boy).
      Lydia Minatoya, "Transformation" (Talking to High Monks in
      the Snow: An Asian American Odyssey [Japanese American]).
      Peter Bacho, from Cebu (Filipino American). Zia Jaffrey, "The
      Monkeyman".       (East Indian    American).      Jeanne        Wakatsuki
18       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



            Houston and James D. Houston, from Farewell to Manzanar
            (Japanese American). Gene Oishi, from In Search of Hiroshi
            (Japanese American). Mary Paik Lee, edited by Sucheng
            Chan, from Quiet Odyssey: A Pioneer Korean Woman in America.
            Pardee Lowe, "Father Cures a Presidential Fever" (Father and
            Glorious Descendant [Chinese American]). Jade Snow Wong,
            "The Taste of Independence” (Fifth Chinese Daughter [Chinese
            American]).    Frank Chin, "Railroad Standard Time" (Chinese
            American). Garrett Hongo, "Kubota" (Japanese American).
            Amy Tan, from The Joy Luck Club (Chinese American). David
            Mura, from Turning Japanese: Memoirs of a Sansei. Gish Jen,
            "What     Means    Switch"     (Chinese   American).       Cynthia
            Kadohata, from The Floating World (Japanese American).
            Susan Ito, "Whatever Happened to Harry?" (Japanese
            American).    Kartar Dhillon, "The Parrot's Beak" (East Indian
            American).        Hisaye     Yamamoto,    "Seventeen     Syllables"
            (Japanese American).       Kim Ronyoung (aka Gloria Hahn) from
            Clay Walls (Korean American).      Maxine Hong Kingston, from
            The Woman Warrior: Memoirs of a Girlhood among Ghosts
            (Chinese American). Shawn Wong from Homebase (Chinese
            American).      Mavis Hara, "Carnival Queen" (Japanese
            American).    Darrell H. Y. Lum, "Paint" (Chinese American).
            Sigrid   Nunez,    "Chang"     (Panamanian     Chinese     German
            American). R. A. Sasaki, "First Love" (Japanese American).
            Indira Ganesan, from The Journey (East Indian American).


6.   Half and Half: Writers on Growing Up Biracial and Bicultural.
     Edited by Claudine C. O'Hearn.      New York, New York:
     Pantheon Books, 1998. 272 pages.       ISBN: 0375400311 :
     0375700110.
       Abstract:     In the introduction, Claudine     Chiawei     O'Hearn,   the
       child of an Irish American father and Chinese mother talks about
       growing up in Asia and the United States and about the racial
       stereotypes imposed upon her both by the cultures she has lived
       in and by her own family. She herself is at a loss to define her
       racial identity. O'Hearn writes, "These essays, exemplary of the
       legion of meanings of race and culture, are about inconstant cate-
       gories and shifting skins. Skin color and place of birth aren't accu-
       rate signifiers of identity. ... Cultural and racial amalgams create
       a third, wholly indistinguishable category where origin and home
        are indeterminate" (Introduction). Contributors, their ethnic back-
        ground, and the titles of their essays are listed here:
                      The Bibliography                                        a)



       Garrett Hongo (Japanese American), "Lost in Place." Danzy
       Senna (Caucasian Black Mexican), "The Mulatto Millennium."
       Roxane Farmanfarmaian (Caucasian Iranian American), "The
       Double Helix."   1é thi diem thtiy (Vietnamese American),
       "California    Palms."      Francisco    Goldman     (Jewish Spanish
       American), "Moro like Me."          Bharati Mukherjee (East Indian
       American), "The Road from Bullygunge."      David Mura
       (Japanese American), “Reflections on My Daughter." Meri
       Nana-Ama       Danquah       (Ghanaian     American),      "Life As    an
       Alien."      Malcolm     Gladwell    (Jamaican English American),
       "Lost in the Middle." Lisa See (Caucasian Chinese American),
       "The Funeral Banquet.”       Julia Alvarez (Dominican American),
       "A White      Woman       of Color."     Philippe Wamba          (Zairian
       [Congo] American),        "A Middle      Passage."      Indira Ganesan
       (East Indian American), "Food and the Immigrant." James
       McBride (Jewish African American), "What Color is Jesus?"
       Lori    Tsang    (Chinese-American,     Chinese-Jamaican),
       "Postcards from 'Home." Nina Mehta (East Indian Jewish
       American), "From Here to Poland." Rubén Martinez (Mexican
       Salvadoran American), "Technicolor." Gish Jen (Irish Chinese
       American), "An Ethnic Trump."

Hawai'i Journeys in Nonviolence: Autobiographical Reflections.
Edited by Glenn D. Paige, Lou Ann Ha'aheo and George
Simpson. Honolulu, Hawai'i: Center for Global Nonviolence
Planning Project, Matsunaga Institute for Peace, University of
Hawai'i, 1995. 152 pages; suggested readings; index. ISBN:
1880309106.
  Abstract: This book, as described by the editors in the preface, is
  a "collection of eight autobiographical essays by persons whose
  life journeys have brought them to Hawai'i and nonviolence." The
  collection includes the following essays:
       Lou    Ann    Ha'aheo     Guanson,      "Love   Gives     Life   Within."
      Ho'oipo DeCambra, “Activism is Empowerment."       Anna
      McAnany, "Swords into Ploughshares." James V. Albertini,
      "Journey to Malu'aina."   Robert Aiken, "An Evolution of
      Views." Howard E. "Stretch" Johnson, "Evolution of Nonvio-
      lent Philosophy.” [raja Sivadas, "Insight." Johan Galtung, "On
      the Politics of Peace Action:           Nonviolence      and Creativity."
      George Simpson, "Afterword."
20        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



8.   Here First: Autobiographical Essays by Native American Writers.
     Edited by Arnold Krupat and Brian Swann. New York, New
     York: Modern Library, 2000. 422 pages. ISBN: 0375751386.
        Abstract: This is a continuation of Krupat and Swann's first
        anthology I Tell You Now: Autobiographical Essays by Native
        American Writers (1987).         Krupat and Swann’s interests lie with
        Native-American writers and autobiography, seeking to have
        writers discuss their lives in relation to their art. Beyond being
        informative, the essays in this collection represent "the extraordi-
        nary flowering of ... writing by Native American people. We offer
        these autobiographical reflections most of all for their power as lit-
        erature” (p. xv). Krupat and Swann address the question of who
        is or what qualifies one to claim Indian ancestry. At least one
        writer refused to make a contribution to this anthology based on
        his belief that many writers from the last anthology had question-
        able claims to Indian heritage.           Krupat and Swann           cite three
        schools of thought on this matter, which they call the Nationalist,
        the Indigenist, and the Cosmopolitan views. The Nationalist
        school requires tribal enrollment to prove Indianess.           The
        Indigenist is more interested in whether or not the individual
        reflects an "ecologically based philosophy or system of indigenist
        values that define a global 'Fourth World" (p. xii).                Finally, the
        Cosmopolitan viewpoint includes "anyone committed to the val-
        ues of healing rather than stealing tribal cultures" (p. xii). Krupat
        and Swann state that "[s]o far as we know, all those represented in
        this book have legitimate, if on occasion complex claims to Native
        American identity" (p. xiii). Authors and the titles of the essays
        are listed below. The names of the tribe of each author is in paren-
        theses:
            Sherman      Alexie       (Spokane      and    Coeur     d'Alene),     "The
            Unauthorized Autobiography of Me." Carroll Arnet (Gogisgi)
             (Overhill   Band,    Cherokee),      "Ayanvdadisdi:       I Remember."
            Betty Louise Bell (Cherokee), "Burying Paper."        Duane
            BigEagle (Osage), "In English I'm Called Duane BigEagle: An
            Autobiographical          Statement."         Gloria    Bird    (Spokane),
             "Autobiography as Spectacle: An Act of Liberation or the
             Illusion of Liberation?"        Kimberly M. Blaeser (Anishinaabe,
            Minnesota     Chippewa), "Rituals of Memory."                  Nora Marks
             Dauenhauer (Tlingit), "Life Woven with Song."                    Charlotte
            Declue (Kawashinsay) (Osage, Kiowa), "The Good Red Road."
            Anita Endrezze (Yaqui), "A Journey to the Heart."                    Hanay
            Geiogamah         (Kiowa),    "Self-Interview."        Gordon    Henry,   Jr.
             (White Earth Chippewa), "Entries into the Autobiographical
             I."   Patricia    Penn      Hilden   (Nez    Perce),    "Displacements:
                          The Bibliography                             21


           Performing Mestizaje." Roberta Hill (Oneida), "A Soul Like
           the Sun." Leanne Howe (Choctaw), "My Mothers, My Uncles,
           Myself." Rex Lee Jim (Navajo, Red House ), "A Moment in My
           Life."   Evelina Zuni Lucero (Isleto Pueblo, San Juan Pueblo),
           "On the Tip of My Tongue: An Autobiographical           Essay."
           Louis Owens (Choctaw, Cherokee), "Motion of Fire and Form:
           Autobiographical Reflections." W. S. Penn, "In the Garden of
           the Gods." Greg Sarris (Miwok), "From a Place Called Santa
           Rosa."   Vickie Sears (Cherokee), "Wind Circles." John E.
           Smelcer (Cherokee, Ahtna Athabaskan), "In the Past's
           Familiar Tongue."     Luci Tapahonso (Navajo), "They Moved
           over the Mountain." Clifford E. Trafzer (Wyandot), "Red
           Echoes."  Anna Lee Walters (Pawnee, Otoe), "The Buffalo
           Road."    Elizabeth Woody (Confederated Tribes of the
           Reservation of Warm Springs), "The Child before Memory:
           Recognition of the ‘Maker.       Ofelia Zepeda (Tohono
           O'odham), "Autobiography."

Honor      the Grandmothers:     Dakota and Lakota Women       Tell Their
Stories.     Compiled and edited by Sarah Penman.               St. Paul,
Minnesota:          Minnesota   Historical Society Press.    147 pages;
photographs.          ISBN: 0873513842 : 0873513851.
   Abstract: Penman has recorded and transcribed the stories of two
   Lakota and two Dakota grandmothers. She began this project
   after a chance meeting with Celane Not Help Him at Wounded
   Knee Cemetery during an event in recognition of the ninety-ninth
   anniversary of the Massacre at Wounded Knee. Celane Not Help
   Him, a Lakota woman, was born in 1928 on the Pine Ridge Indian
   reservation. She was raised by her grandfather, a survivor of
   Wounded Knee, and her grandmother. She retells the story of the
   massacre as it was told to her and recalls the harsh existence at the
   Indian boarding school that she was forced to attend.             She
   describes the arts of beading and quilling which she learned from
   her grandmother. Stella Pretty Sounding Flute, born in 1924, is a
   Hahpekute-Hunkpati Dakota woman from the Crow Creek
   Reservation in South Dakota. She is a quilter and uses the star
   quilt design which she learned from her grandmother. She retells
   the legend behind the design and describes her early introduction
   to the art of quilting. Pretty Sounding Flute tells of the harsh con-
   ditions on the reservation, and the virulent racism she has encoun-
   tered off of it. Cecilia Hernandez Montgomery is a member of the
   Oglala Sioux tribe of the Lakota Indians. She was born in 1910 on
   the Pine Ridge Reservation, where her father was a cattleman.
   Because of a lack of opportunity on the reservation, Montgomery
22        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        moved to Rapid City where she met her husband, a Crow Indian
        from Montana. There Montgomery was active in many commu-
        nity programs to serve her people, including The Community
        Action Program, and Urban Renewal which worked to improve
        health care and living conditions for families and the elderly. She
        has also been active in teaching Indian history, stories, and danc-
        ing to young children. Iola Columbus was born in 1928 in
        Minnesota,     a member of the Siseton-Wahpeton Dakota Indians,
        and raised on the Flandreau Reservation in South Dakota by her
        grandparents, who were traditionalists. Columbus's husband was
        from the Lower Sioux Community (Morton) in Minnesota. His
        reservation was influenced by the laws of the 1934 Indian
        Reorganization Act. By law, their traditional practices were sup-
        pressed, and the members of this community adapted to a white-
        American way of life. Columbus has since sought to reintroduce
        traditional spiritualism to the younger generation. She is active in
        tribal governance and was the first woman to be elected as a trib-
        al chair in Minnesota.

10.   Las Mamis:     Favorite   Latino Authors   Remember    Their Mothers.
      Edited by Esmeralda Santiago and Joie Davidow. New York,
      New York: Knopf, 2000.     189 pages; illustrations. ISBN:
      0375408797.
        Abstract: Santiago and Davidow compiled this book to honor
        Latino mothers. Many of these women were immigrants who
        knew little or no English when coming to the United States, they
        were more often than not poor and had to struggle to raise their
        children. The editors found that many writers were unwilling to
        take up the challenge of writing about their mothers, and there
        were a few who intially agreed, but found the task too difficult
        and changed their minds. Davidow writes that children are "des-
        tined to exist in relation to their mothers. ... Our achievements
        are their achievements.      Our failures are their failures" (p. ix).
        Contributors include the following:
             Esmeralda Santiago, "First Born."     Marfa Amparo Escandén,
            "My Mother in the Nude."             Mandalit del Barco, "Hello
            dollinks': Letters from Mom."        Alba Ambert, "Persephone's
            Quest at Waterloo: A Daughter's Tale." Piri Thomas, "Mami,
            a.k.a. Dofia Lola."  Gustava Pérez Firmat, "Mami's Boy."
            Liz Balmaseda, "Travels with Mami."        Ilan. Stavans,
            "September 19, 1985." Jaime Manrique, "A Mother Named
            Queen Solitude."    Francisco Goldman, "!Mamita_ Linda!"
            Dagoberto Gilb, "Mi Mommy." Junot Diaz, "How (in a Time
                           The Bibliography                                     23



            of Trouble)    I Discovered      My Mom      and   Learned   to Live."
            Gioconda Belli, "Just     a Woman."       Marjorie Agosin, "Frida,
            Friduca, Mami."


1h   Lift Every Voice and Sing: St. Louis African Americans in the
     Twentieth Century. Narratives collected by Doris A. Wesley.
     Photographs taken by Wiley Price.              Edited by Ann Morris.
     Columbia, Missouri: University of Missouri Press, 1999.                  219
     pages; photographs. ISBN: 0826212530.
       Abstract: Doris Wesley, a reference specialist at the Western
       Historical Manuscript Collection at the University of Missouri-St.
       Louis, collected interviews from one hundred prominent African-
       Americans who could talk about their own stories as well as inte-
       gration and the Civil Rights Movement in St. Louis. Among them
       are educators,     businesspersons,    musicians,   doctors   and nurses,
       and politicians, including two mayors of the city. This project
       evolved into a series of three exhibits at the Vaughn Cultural
       Center at the Urban League of Metropolitan St. Louis, for which
       Wiley Price took photographs of the interviewees. Ann Morris
       edited the interviews, arranged them in a loose chronological
       order, and prepared them       for publication.     In the introduction,
       Morris gives a history of St. Louis which provides background for
       the interviews. The black population began growing in 1904 when
       African Americans traveled from the South for the St. Louis
       World's Fair and found that desegregation was not as bad as they
       thought and that there were opportunities for jobs there.
       Although education was segregated, black schools, teaching col-
       leges, and medical institutions provided their children with an
       excellent education and a certain degree of upward mobility.
       Black businesses flourished, the city was home to popular Negro
       League baseball teams, and many musicians settled in St. Louis.
       The black community was vocal, powerful, and fighting for equal
       rights before most of the rest of the South. The original transcripts
       and recordings of the interviews in this book are available at the
       Western Historical Manuscript Collection at the University of
       Missouri-St. Louis.
24         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



12.   MIS in the War against Japan: Personal Experiences Related at the
      1993 MIS Capital Reunion, "The Nisei Veteran: An American
      Patriot.” Edited by Warren M. Tsuneishi and Stanley L. Falk.
      Vienna, Virginia: Japanese American Veterans Association of
      Washington, D.C., 1995. 142 pages; photographs. ISBN: none.
         Abstract: The personal narratives collected in this work were
         originally presented at the 1993 Military Intelligence Service (MIS)
         reunion convened by the Japanese American Association of
         Washington, D.C. The stories, presented as part of a panel discus-
         sion, have undergone minimal editing, and the editors have pro-
         vided brief biographical profiles to accompany each. Originally
         called the Fourth Army (Japanese Language) Intelligence School,
         the Military Intelligence Service Language School was founded in
         1941 in San Francisco, and eventually moved to Minnesota. After
         the war, it was relocated to Monterey, California and renamed the
         Defense Language Institute. The goal of the 1993 reunion was to
         create a public record of the participants’ war experiences as pre-
         sented through panel discussions and documentation sessions. Of
         the twenty-three narratives, six are from non-Nisei participants.
         The contributors include the following:
             Takashi Matsui, Toshio G. Tsukahira, Faubion Bowers, Allen
             H. Meyer, Dempster Dirks, Benjamin T. Obata, Richard M.
             Sakakida, Sunao Ishio, James Yukio Tanabe, George Oakley
             Totten III, Yoshito Iwamoto, Harvey Watanabe, Roy T.
             Uyehata, Nobuo Dick Kishiue, Benjamin H. Hazard, Nobuo
             Furuiye,   Roy H. Hatsumoto,      Hiro   Nishimura,   Arthur   T.
             Morimitsu, Peter K. Okada, Ulrich Straus, Joseph Y. Kurata,
             Allen H. Meyer.

13.   Native Heritage: Personal Accounts by American Indians, 1790 to
      the Present. Edited by Arlene B. Hirschfelder. Foreword by
      Jeffrey L. Hamley.   New York, New York: Macmillan, 1995. 298
      pages. ISBN: 0028604121.
         Abstract: Hirschfelder compiled the stories in this work to share
         a fraction of the "rich and unique heritage of native peoples from
         the many regions of North America" (p. xix). Over half of the 120
         excerpts from writers representing nearly seventy tribal nations
         are taken from "as-told-to" works or autobiographies, originally
         published as early as 1790 and as recently as the 1990s.
         Bibliographic information is provided so that the reader can con-
         tinue with the full work from which the excerpt is taken.
         Hirschfield has grouped the excerpts into eight sections represent-
                              The Bibliography                              25



         ing the themes of family, native languages, homeland, its flora and
         fauna, spiritual and religious values and practices, Native educa-
         tional practices, traditional stories, shared traditional practices,
         and discrimination. There are many noted writers in this anthol-
         ogy including, Paula Gunn Allen, Simon Ortiz, N. Scott Momaday,
         Anna Lee Walters, Leslie Marmon Silko, Wilma Mankiller, Sarah
         Winnemucca Hopkins, and Luther Standing Bear.

14.   Once upon a Dream—The Vietnamese Experience. Edited by De
      Tran, Andrew Lam and Hai Dai Nguyen. Foreword by Stanley
      Karnow.        Kansas   City, Missouri: Andrews     & McMeel,     1995.
      184 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0836205847.
         Abstract:     This collection of art work, poems, and stories—both
         fiction and nonfiction—from thirty-nine young Vietnamese-
         American writers is divided into four parts. The first section
         includes work that chronicles the experiences of leaving Vietnam.
         The second section presents pieces that portray the feelings of
         exile and homesickness and nostalgia for Vietnam. Part three
         explores Vietnamese identity, and part four describes reconnecting
         with Vietnam.

ib.   Souls Looking Back: Life Stories of Growing Up Black. Edited by
      Andrew    Garrod, Janie Victoria Ward, Tracy L. Robinson and
      Robert Kilkenny. Foreword by James P. Comer. New York,
      New York: Routledge, 1999.    300 pages; index.  ISBN:
      0415920612 : 0415920620.
        Abstract: Fifty black college and graduate-school students at
        Dartmouth College in New Hampshire, Simmons College in
        Boston, and McGill University in Montreal, Canada, were invited
        to write about their experiences growing up in the United States,
        Canada, and the West Indies. Of these, the editors chose sixteen
        for publication. In the Preface, the editors, who worked closely
        with the students, explain that one of the purposes of this project
        was    for the writers to achieve "greater self-understanding . .       .
        through reflection and articulation." The benefit to the reader is
        that "we enrich our understanding of our own experience and of
        the worldviews that this experience helps to construct. This book
        tells the stories of unique. . . individuals from a broad diversity of
        backgrounds who have tackled significant obstacles to achieve
        degrees of self-understanding and success" (p. xv).      The book is
        divided into three thematic sections. Each section opens with a
        theoretical overview by an African-American scholar. The author
        outlines his or her particular focus. The introduction is then fol-
26         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        lowed by four to six personal narratives by students. Listed below
         are the three sections, the titles of the introductions and their
         authors, and the names of the narratives in each. Because the stu-
         dent writers are identified by their first names alone, only the titles
         of the essays are included here:
                SectionI: Social Class and Race.           Peter C. Murrell, Jr.: "Class
                and Race in Negotiating Identity." "Born With a Veil." "What
                is Black Enough?" "Living Between the Lines." "I Reconcile
                the Irreconcilable.”
                Section II: Identity.  Jewell Taylor Gibbons: "The Social
                Construction     of Race,     Ethnicity,    and   Culture."     Tracy   L.
                Robinson, "The Intersections of Identity."   "Color-blind."
                "Walking a Thin Line."    "Becoming Myself."     "Becoming
                Comfortable in My Skin." "Caught Between Two Cultures."
                "Lost in the Middle."
                Section III: Resilience and Resistance.           Janie Victoria Ward:
                "Resilience and Resistance." "Gotta Keep Climbin' All de
                Time." "Finding Zion." "Feeling the Pressure to Succeed."
                "Running Hurdles." "Reflections on My Survival." "Quest for
                Peace.”

16.   Speaking for the Generation: Native Writers on Writing. Edited by
      Simon J. Ortiz.     Sun Tracks, 35. Tucson, Arizona: University of
      Arizona Press,           1998.    228     pages.         ISBN:    0816518491
      0816518505.
         Abstract:    Acoma Pueblo writer Simon J. Ortiz is the editor and
         provides an introduction in which he discusses the role of Native
         writers in passing down their most basic philosophies:
                     If anything is most vital, essential and absolute-
                     ly important in Native cultural philosophy, it is
                     this concept of interdependence: the fact that
                     without    land   there is no life, and without            a
                     responsible social and cultural outlook by
                     humans, no life-sustaining land is possible. . . .
                     [W]e are living today because the generations
                     before us—our ancestors—provided for us by
                     the manner of their responsible living.
                                                                         (p. xii)
         Authors, their tribes, and the titles of the essays are listed follow-
         ing:
                Leslie Marmon Silko (Laguna Pueblo), "Interior and Exterior
                Landscapes: The Pueblo Migration Stories."                    Gloria Bird
                           The Bibliography                                 27.


             (Spokane Tribe), "Breaking the Silence: Writing as Witness.”
             Esther G. Belin (Navajo), "In the Cycle of the Whirl." Roberta
             G. Hill (Oneida), "Immersed in Words." A. A. Hedge Coke
             (Tsalagi, Huron), "Seeds." Daniel David Moses (Delaware),
             "How My Ghosts Got Pale Faces." Elizabeth Woody (Yakama-
             Warm Springs, Wasco-Navajo), "Voice of the Land: Giving the
             Good Word." Jeannette C. Armstrong (Okanagan), "Land
             Speaking.” Victor D. Montejo (Maya), "The Stones Will Speak
             Again, Dreams of an Ah Tz’ib’ (Writer) in the Maya Land."

17.   Struggle for Ethnic Identity: Narratives by Asian American
      Professionals. Edited and with an introduction by Pyong Gap
      Min and Rose Kim. Critical Perspectives on Asian Pacific
      Americans Series, 4. Walnut Creek, California: AltaMira Press,
      1999. 240 pages. ISBN: 0761990666 : 0761990674.
        Abstract:    In this collection of narratives, editors Min and Kim
        seek to highlight the experiences of second-generation Asian
        Americans.    Twelve of the subjects either immigrated to the
        United States at a very young age or were born in the United
        States. Three of the subjects finished high school before moving to
        the United States. Noting the impossibility of providing a cross
        section of Asian-American experience with only fifteen narratives,
        the editors chose to work with individuals who had finished col-
        lege and were in the early stages of a professional career. Ten
        women and five men, ranging in age from twenty-five to forty-
        nine, were asked to address their experiences at home, school, and
        work, relating to such topics as prejudice and discrimination; their
        identification with their family's ethnic background       or culture;
        and friendships formed within and outside of their ethnicity. The
        contents are as follows:
            Pyong Gap Min and Rose Kim, “Introduction. About the
            Book." Pyong Gap Min, "Ethnicity: Concepts, Theories, and
            Trends." Rose Kim, "Ethnic Culture: an Identity in Conflict.
            My Trek." Ruth Chung (Korean American), "Reflections on a
            Korean American Journey."      Alex Jeong (Korean American),
            "A Handicapped      Korean in America."       Kavitha Mediratta
            (East Indian American), "Building Coalitions:     A Pan-Asian or
            Non-white Identity? How Do You Say Your Name?"               David
            W. Wang (Chinese American), "Beyond the Golden Door."
            Phuong Do (Vietnamese American), "A Girl Called Hoai."
            Sayuri Mori-Quayle (Japanese American), "Living in Two
            Worlds: A Bicultural Identity. Finding Myself." Monica Jahan
            Bose    (Bangladeshi American),   "Multiple   Identities."    Shay
28         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



             Sheth (East Indian American), "An Indian Boy in American
             Clothes.”      Eriberto   P. Lozada,    Jr. (Filipino   American),
             "Blending in: Weak Attachments to the Ethnic Group. What
             Being Filipino American Means to Someone Called Fuji." Joel
             de la Fuente (Filipino American), "An (Asian American)
             Actor's Life." Jean Hotta (Filipino American), "My Own
             'Family."" Lakshmi Malroutu (East Indian American), "A New
             World: The First-Generation Experience. The Balancing Act."
             Margaret Yah-Min Kan (Chinese American), "Reaching the
             Glass Ceiling . . . at Home." Hoang Diem Hau (Vietnamese
             American), "An Unwilling Refugee." Pyong Gap Min and
             Rose Kim, "Coming to Terms: Forming One's Ethnic Identity."

18.   Sugar in the Raw: Voices of Young Black Girls in America. Edited
      by Rebecca Carroll. Foreword by Ntozake Shange. New York,
      New York: Crown Trade Paperbacks, 1997. 144 pages. ISBN:
      0517884976.
         Notes: Also published New York: Three Rivers Press, 1997. ISBN:
         0517884976.

         Abstract: This book is a series of essays by young black women
         identified only by their first names, age, and city of residence.
         Rebecca Carroll collected fifty interviews with young black
         women throughout the United States, fifteen of which are includ-
         ed in the book.    Carroll, an African-American teacher, was adopt-
         ed by a white family and grew up in a predominantly white area.
         She was "drawn to interview black people because of the natural
         deprivation that I felt due to my circumstances growing up" (p.
         15). The interviewees, aged eleven to twenty, who come from a
         variety of racial and socioeconomic circumstances, speak in mat-
         ter-of-fact terms about their families, neighborhoods, friends, sex-
         ual orientation,   personal   attitudes   and   most   important   of all,
         dreams for the future. Carroll concludes the book by discussing
         black women's hair, comparing their preoccupation with it to the
         preoccupation of anorexics, usually young white women, with
         their bodies.

19.   Triumphs of Faith: Stories of Japanese-American Christians during
      World War II. Edited by Victor N. Okada. Los Angeles,
      California: Japanese-American Internment Project, 1998. 173
      pages. ISBN: none.
         Abstract:     Fifty-two Christian Japanese-American           men    and
         women, Issei and Nisei, who were confined in the American con-
                           The Bibliography                               29



         centration camps of World War II provide brief accounts of their
         experiences.   Each narrator describes the hardships, and the fear
         and uncertainty that accompanied their stays in a variety of
         camps, including Manzanar, Tule Lake, Rohwer, and Jerome.
         Common experiences include the interruption of schooling, the
         loss of friendships, jobs, businesses, homes and property. Some of
         the narrators were already Christians when they entered the
         camps, and some were converted during their time of incarcera-
         tion. All comment that their faith was important in helping them
         survive the war years. Editor Okada writes, “It is for the younger
         generations that these stories have been written.     For Japanese
         Americans, recollections of the war years are often accompanied
         by pain and regret. These stories transcend the pain and regret
         and celebrate the triumphs of faith to which we are witness” (p.
         173).

20.   Under Western Eyes: Personal Essays from Asian America. Edited
      by Garrett Kaoru Hongo. New York, New York: Anchor Books,
      1995. 334 pages. ISBN: 0385472390.
         Abstract: In his introduction, "Culture Wars in Asian America,"
         Hongo writes about silences enforced upon minority group
         American writers by the cultural biases of the majority group, pre-
         sumably white European Americans, and also about the silences
        enforced upon writers from within their ethnic        communities.
        These are usually dictated by politics and cultural   standards. In
        the case of Japanese Americans, silence is caused     by a sense of
        shame over and a need for distance from their         experience of
        internment camps. Hongo writes that he looked for essays which
        were "written against social silencing, but emerging from deep
        personal silences dedicated to reflecting upon moral, political, and
        identity issues. They are written against cultural conformism .. ."
        (p. 22). These essays have many themes in common, including
        that of language and the silences that arise when parents speak
        one language and children another, and the theme of belonging
        and home. Is home in the United States or across the Pacific or
        Atlantic? And what does it mean when neither your country of
        birth (the United States) nor the country of your parents and
        ancestors recognizes you as one of them? How do you fit in and
        at the same time hold on to your heritage? Included in this col-
        lection:
             Peter Bacho, "The Second Room." Debra Kang Dean, "Telling
             Differences."  Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni, "Lalita Mashi."
             Lillian Ho Wan, "Silence and the Graverobbers."     Garrett
30         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



               Hongo, "Kubota."    Jeanne Wakatsuki Houston, "Colors."
               Geeta Kothari, "Where Are you From?” Geraldine Kudaka,
               "Bad Blood."   Chang-Rae Lee, "The Faintest Echo of Our
               Language."   Li-Young Lee, "The Winged Seed."     David Low,
               "Winterblossom Garden."     David Mura, "The Internment of
               Desire." Nguyen Qui-Duc, "A Taste of Home." Amy Tan,
               "Mother Tongue." John Yau, "A Little Memento from the
               Boys."

21.   Voices of Vietnamese Boat People: Nineteen Narratives of Escape and
      Survival. Edited by Mary Terrell Cargill and Jade Ngoc Quang
      Huynh.     Jefferson, North Carolina: McFarland & Company,
      2000. 192 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0786407859.
         Abstract: Of these nineteen narratives, three were written by the
         narrators, and the others were transcribed and edited from inter-
         views. Each narrative describes life in Vietnam following the fall
         of Saigon, the dangerous escape, life in the refugee camps, and
         then adjustment to a new home in the United States. Family mem-
         bers were    often left behind,   and many    of the narrators have
         worked hard to bring as many as possible to the United States.
         This collection includes:
               Ai-Van Do, "Simple Map, Small Compass, Three Flashlights."
               Hung Lang, "The Miracle of the Whirlpool." Minh Nguyen,
               "Stranger in the Rice Field, Whale in the Sea." Lan Nguyen,
               "Gold Rings and Jeans." Duyen Nguyen, "If I Die, Will
               Anybody Know?"        Ha Nguyen, “Our Lady of the Boat."
               Suzanne Tran Cheang, "The Norwegian Protector." Hung
               Truong, "Drowning the Boat." Be Van Vo, "Out of San Diego
               and into Saigon." Binh Le, "Vung Tau, Pulau Bidong, and
               Bataan.” Chau Nguyen, "Hainan, Hong Kong, and Tuen Mun
               Camp." Phung Le, "Flight from Classification 13." Anton Yo,
               "I'd Rather Die in the Sea." Hung Nguyen, "Coffee Shop from
               Two Spoons." Nhan T. Le, "Coolie in America." Hien Trong
               Nguyen, "To the Land of Snow." Nhut W. Huynh, "My Name
               Is William, but Call Me Bill."   Khon Luu, "Live Free or Die."
               Jade Quang Huynh, "Return to Leam Sing Camp."
                          The Bibliography                                31



22.   Abdul-Jabbar, Kareem. A Season on the Reservation: My Sojourn
      with the White Mountain Apache. Written with Stephen Singular.
      New York, New York: William Morrow & Company, 2000. 209
      pages; photographs. ISBN: 0688170773.
         Abstract:   Professional basketball player, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar,
         looking for a new direction after the death of his mother and hop-
         ing to reconnect with basketball, decided     to pursue coaching
        opportunities. A friend encouraged him to coach the tribal
        Alchesay High School basketball team, a group of athletes from
         the White Mountain Apache tribe. Following a brief negotiation
         with the superintendent of schools, Abdul-Jabbar agreed to coach
         for the fee of one dollar. He welcomed this opportunity for a num-
        ber of reasons: he was anxious to return to the game, to get away
        from Los Angeles, and to research the connections between the
        African-American Buffalo soldiers and the Apache Scouts.        His
        own ancestry included Native American heritage; his mother was
        part Cherokee and his father, a native of Trinidad, was descended
        from the Carib Indians. Abdul-Jabbar was interested in this part
        of his ethnic background and it seemed fortuitous to forge a
        stronger tie to this particular tribe with which he had already
        formed some bonds. Abdul-Jabbar started out by observing his
        team and quickly realized that there were many cultural issues
        manifested in how the boys played and that there were barriers to
        overcome before he could effectively communicate with them. It
        was also clear that basketball was important to the high school, the
        tribe, and the community. One of the coaches tells Abdul-Jabbar
        that the "basketball team are our warriors of the 1990s. When they
        play, they evoke the kind of things their ancestors did" (p. 20).
        Abdul-Jabbar was anxious to impart his knowledge of the basket-
        ball fundamentals, the skill and craft of basketball playing that he
        saw disappearing from professional basketball, but he discovered
        that team members did not like to be singled out for criticism or
        training. He writes, "Kids resisted change because, regardless of
        how difficult things might have been on the reservation, it
        remained, as people kept telling me, their home and comfort zone"
        (p. 86). Abdul-Jabbar hoped to expand that comfort zone. He
        struggled to reach the boys, and in the end, a mutual appreciation
        developed.    He felt that the boys did learn and improve, and
        although they were not champions at the end of the season, they
        had grown as athletes and team players. Abdul-Jabbar became
        close to several of the boys and their families and learned about
        their culture and the social conditions of the White Mountain
        Apache people. "The closer you get to others," writes Abdul-
        Jabbar, "the more you see that everyone is similar, yet everyone
a2         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         holds a different piece of the gift and mystery of life. It's our dif-
         ferences that make us stronger, not weaker" (p. 208).


23.   Abinader, Elmaz. Children of the Roojme: A Family's Journey from
      Lebanon.   Madison, Wisconsin: University of Wisconsin Press,
      1997. 303 pages; photographs; map. ISBN: 0299157342.
         Notes: First published W .W. Norton & Company, 1991 as Children
         of the Roojme: A Family's Journey. ISBN: 0393029522.
         Abstract:   Abinader writes about the history of her family from
         about the time of World War I when her grandfather, a sheik, was
         trying to keep his family alive during the occupation of Lebanon
         by the Turks. Sheiks were often accused of crimes and killed, and
         many Lebanese were dying from famine and the Spanish flu. Her
         family left Lebanon, settling in Brazil for a time. Throughout the
         first half of the twentieth century, the family moved, little by little,
         to the United States. Abinader follows individual members of the
         family through their lives, rather than providing a purely chrono-
         logical account. She also gives detailed descriptions of various
         locations, especially those in Lebanon and the United States.


24.   Abu-Jamal, Mumia. All Things Censored.                Edited by Noelle
      Hanrahan.   Foreword by Alice Walker.                New York: Seven
      Stories Press, 2000.      303 pages; photographs; compact disc
      sound recording. ISBN: 1583220224 : 1583220763.
         Abstract:   As in Abu-Jamal's work, Death Blossoms, this book is a
         collection of short essays. He provides the details surrounding his
         court cases fighting for his First Amendment rights of freedom of
         speech: to write, publish, and record.    He describes the condition
         of life on Pennsylvania's death row. Abu-Jamal documents his
         participation in a demonstration against the presidential cam-
         paign of George Wallace during his early teen years and his sub-
         sequent beating by armed white men and a policeman. He gives
         his views on the Black Panthers and Huey Newton and he writes
         about self-censorship within the press and how that has effected
         his own fight for justice. Abu-Jamal also writes about his parents.
         A follower of the teachings of John Africa and a member of MOVE,
         Abu-Jamal writes about the group and explains why they consid-
         er themselves to be a religious movement. He describes the bomb-
         ing and killing of eleven MOVE members and the arrest and ille-
         gal treatment of other members. Also included in this collection of
         essays are discussions of justice and a transcript of a conversation
         between editor Hanrahan and Abu-Jamal in 1995, minutes after he
                             The Bibliography                                   33


           received his     death    warrant   signed   by    the   governor    of
           Pennsylvania.

25.   —.      Death Blossoms: Reflections from a Prisoner of Conscience.
      Farmington, Pennsylvania: Plough Publishing House, 1997.
      158 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0874860865.
           Notes: Also published [Farmington, Pennsylvania]: Litmus, 1996.
           ISBN: 0874860865 (153 pages).
           Abstract: In this series of essays, Mumia Abu-Jamal, born Wesley
           Cook, describes his beliefs and his history. As a young man, he
           searched   for religion   in various   churches,   synagogues,      and
           mosques, finally finding what he was looking for in MOVE, a reli-
           gious movement led by the late John Africa. He writes about his
           contempt for the sieges made on the MOVE community in 1978
           and 1985 by the Philadelphia police and about the murders of
           community members. He discusses his youth, his membership in
           the Black Panther Party, his career in journalism, his arrest, the
           prison system, capital punishment, and conversations he has had
           with fellow prisoners.

26.   —. Live from Death Row. Introduction by John Edgar Wide-
      man.   Reading, Massachusetts: Addison-Wesley Publishing
      Company, 1995. 215 pages. ISBN: 020148319X.
           Notes: Published in paperback New York: Avon Books, 1996.
           ISBN: 0380727668 (188 pages).
           Abstract: Mumia Abu-Jamal writes about life on death row in the
           Pennsylvania prison system. Abu-Jamal was a political activist
           from an early age. At seventeen, he and three friends heckled and
           were thrown out of a political rally for then-presidential candidate
           George Wallace, the governor of Alabama. They were then beaten
           up by whites as they prepared to take the subway back home.
           When they called for police help, a policeman came and kicked
           Abu-Jamal in the face. Later Abu-Jamal joined the Black Panther
           Party, but became disillusioned at the fighting between the fac-
           tions of his two heroes, Eldridge Cleaver and Huey Newton. He
           went on to newspaper and radio journalism, reporting on events
           of particular interest to blacks. He became interested in the MOVE
           movement led by John Africa. His interest in this radical group on
           the fringes of society made him unpopular with employers, and
           he was forced to turn to taxi driving to make a living. One night
           in 1981, his brother's car was stopped by police. Abu-Jamal inter-
           vened and was shot by the policeman. The policeman himself was
34        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        also shot and killed, and Abu-Jamal was charged with the murder.
        The legality of the trial and his consequent conviction and death
        sentence have been in dispute ever since. When this book was
        written in 1995, his execution had been stayed pending an appeal
        for a new trial. The short essays that make up the book describe
        life on death row in Pennsylvania prisons. He talks about the pref-
        erential treatment   received by white prisoners, the inordinate
        number of black prisoners, and the inhumane treatment of pris-
        oners in supermaximum prisons throughout the United States,
        particularly non-contact visits with family and the denial of the
        use of typewriters or any educational materials. He calls into
        question the constitutionality of excusing potential jurors who
        object to capital punishment, death sentences for persons with
        mental handicaps, and the use of execution equipment which fails
        to kill efficiently. All of his assertions are backed up with court
        cases and the stories of men he has known on death row. The book
        concludes with details of his various trials written by his lawyer,
        Leonard I. Weinglass, and a list of resources for people interested
        in becoming involved in his cause.

27.   Adams, Elizabeth Laura. Dark Symphony, and Other Works.
      Edited and with an introduction by Carla Kaplan. African-
      American Women Writers 1910-1940. New York, New York: G.
      K. Hall and Company, 1997. 282 pages. ISBN: 0783814291.
        Abstract: Dark Symphony was written in 1942 when Elizabeth
        Laura Adams was in her thirties. She was raised in Los Angeles
        and Santa Barbara, California, the only child of a father who was
        a well-known head waiter in a Los Angeles hotel and a mother
        who was a painter. Her parents raised her to be infallibly obedi-
        ent, polite, and well-behaved. She went to school with both white
        and black children and had many friends of both colors. There
        were times, however, when she was slighted for her race. Her par-
        ents forbade any form of aggression or revenge, teaching her
        instead to pray for the souls of those who had wronged her.
        Adams was always deeply interested in religion, especially
        Catholicism. She weighed the racial discrimination she incurred
        in the church against the enormity of her faith before she finally
        converted, after receiving her mother's permission, when she
        graduated from high school. Her father's early death and moth-
        er's frail health destroyed any hope of a college education, so she
        decided instead to enter a religious order. In the meantime,
        Adams wrote prose and poetry, a pastime she had taken up when
        recovering from a crippling bout of influenza. Her work was often
        received by publishers and editors with enthusiasm that would
                             The Bibliography                                    35


         quickly dim when they found out she was black. During the Great
         Depression she was forced to go into domestic service to support
         her mother and herself. Adams writes of the depravity and cruel-
         ty of the white people she worked for, astonished that they had
         not had the same genteel breeding she had had. Discouraged with
         life, she became very ill again, and those around her encouraged
         her to join a religious order. The day before her departure, she
         found out her mother was going to separate from her second hus-
         band and would once again be dependent upon her. Fortunately,
         she was able to begin a new career in drama and literature, an
         opportunity offered her by a professor at UCLA. Adams con-
         cludes by discussing the depth of her faith and her thankfulness to
         priests, nuns, and various white people who befriended her and
         gave her new opportunities. She could not, however, forget the
         discrimination she had experienced in the church. "I learned that
         knowledge must accompany faith. I never enter a church without
         asking God to give me more faith in the Blessed Sacrament. I
         never kneel at an altar for Holy Communion without being fearful
         lest Ibe passed by. This will never change. ...  Iam Colored" (p.
         192).

28.   Aguilera,     Luis   Gabriel.    Gabriel's   Fire.     Chicago,     Illinois:
      University     of Chicago       Press,   2000.       291   pages.     ISBN:
      0226010678.
         Abstract: Aguilera's work covers the period of his life from age
         thirteen to his graduation from high school (1985-1991). Aguilera
         addresses adult role models and anti-models, gangs, the role of the
         church in leading and misleading youth, children forced into mak-
         ing adult decisions, and conflicting loyalties. He was born in
         Mexico and grew up with his mother, father, and two brothers on
         Chicago's South Side. He and his brothers were altar boys and
         attended the local Catholic school. At thirteen, Aguilera had an
         affair with one of his teachers, and he was the one forced by
         authorities to take responsibility for the situation. He writes about
         his working relationship with the parish priest, who was irre-
         sponsibly "hip" and blatantly bigoted. Aguilera suggests that this
         relationship bordered on the inappropriate, and again it was his
         responsibility to put a stop to it. His dedication to the church was
         further damaged when the two Catholic schools on the South Side
        were closed, and the students were forced to finish school in an
         all-white environment on the North Side.           To Aguilera and the
        other children from the schools that were closed, this meant losing
        their safe haven and the support of the teachers with whom they
        had grown up. The closings were felt to be motivated by money,
36        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        and biased in favor of white students. Aguilera describes the dif-
        ficulty of avoiding gang-inspired violence. He became more and
        more angry at his betrayal by adults he trusted and at racist
        behavior of teachers and students at his new school. As his anger
        grew, so did his tendency to react violently when challenged. His
        own gang, the UPCs, were not "gang bangers” and had no interest
        in turf wars or other violence. As Aguilera was finishing high
        school, the UPCs disbanded because of the increasing threat of
        conflict, and Aguilera found himself being pulled into the cycle of
        violence. Aguilera had a scholarship to attend UCLA, but was
        ambivalent about the prospect. The book ends as he contemplates
        moving to Mexico to live with relatives in an attempt to escape
        what seems to be the inevitability of a violent and perhaps fatal
        confrontation.

29.   Ahmed, Leila. A Border Passage: From Cairo to America—A
      Woman's Journey. New York, New York: Farrar, Straus, and
      Giroux, 1999. 307 pages. ISBN: 0374115184.
        Notes: Published in paperback New York: Penguin books, 2000.
        ISBN: 0140291830.
        Abstract: Leila Ahmed, the first professor of Women's Studies in
        Religion at Harvard Divinity School, grew up in Egypt during the
        1940s and 1950s, which was a time of great change for that coun-
        try. She was raised speaking the Arabic dialect spoken in Cairo
        and educated almost exclusively in English. She and her brothers
        and sisters all went to college in England. Ahmed attended Girton
        in Cambridge. Ahmed uses the story of her parents, her own
        childhood, and her British education to explore the general prob-
        lem of identity for herself and other women of color and, in par-
        ticular, that of Egyptians within the Arab and world communities.
        During years of soul-searching at Cambridge, she made a far-
        reaching study of Egypt and discovered how during the twentieth
        century the country had gone from being a multicultural, multire-
        ligious society which clearly supported Israel as a Jewish home-
        land, to an Arab-nationalistic culture whose identity seemed to
        hinge on its support of returning Palestine to the Palestinians. She
        discovered how little the change had to do with the will of
        Egyptians themselves and how each step in this transition was
        either carefully manipulated by Western powers or was a backlash
        to such manipulations. Ahmed concluded that the very definition
        of the word "Arab" as used by Egyptians and the rest of the Arab
        countries was based on Western bias. Ahmed's interests turned to
        feminism during a few years spent in Abu Dhabi, United Arab
                            The Bibliography                                ce



         Emirates, where she helped develop the educational system. She
         realized that Arabs from other countries, including herself, were
         using their own cultures intrusively to influence the education
         and advancement of women in a society that did not want it. At
         the same time, she couldn't leave things as they were because she
         found the traditional culture in Abu Dhabi much too prescribed
         for women.     This new interest took her to the United States, where
         she became one of the pioneers in the field of women's studies.

30.   Ailey, Alvin (1931-1989). Revelations: The Autobiography of Alvin
      Ailey. Written with A. Peter Bailey. Secaucus, New Jersey:
      Carol Publishing Group, 1995. 183 pages; photographs. ISBN:
      155972255x,
         Notes: Published in paperback, 1997. ISBN: 0806518618. Reprint
         published Bridgewater, New Jersey: Replica Books, 1999. ISBN:
         0735100802.
         Abstract:    Dancer Alvin Ailey was born into a life of poverty. He
         never knew his father, and he and his mother made their home
         with a series of aunts. When he was eight, he and his mother
         moved from Texas to Los Angeles. He was introduced to dancing
         when he saw classmate and future dance partner Carmen de
         Lavallade dance at a school assembly. Ailey was afraid of what
         dance lessons would do to his reputation, but de Lavallade talked
         him into observing her dance classes at the Lester Horton studio.
         Ailey started attending off and on and quickly became devoted to
         the art. He and de Lavallade danced together with the Lester
         Horton dance troupe, which Ailey notes was one of only two
         dance companies that would accept black dancers, and later in
         New York until the early 1960s. Ailey founded his own dance
         troupe because the dance world was very European-oriented and
         actively excluded black dancers, always with the excuse that black
         dancers were not historically appropriate. Ailey sees this as ludi-
         crous, writing, "What we're talking about here is dance.       We're
        talking about fantasy, not reality. ... It's the same as saying the
        Japanese dancers can't dance the blues—well they do in my com-
        pany" (p. 128). Ailey's own troupe was integrated. He had com-
        plaints from the African-American dance community, which
        wanted it to stay entirely black. He also had complaints from the
        white dancers in the troupe, who felt he favored         the African-
        American dancers in the company. Ailey says he reserved only
        one leading part, that in Cry, for a female African-American
        dancer because it is dedicated to his "mother and black women
        everywhere" (p. 129). Ailey writes about his work with many
38         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         great African-American    singers, musicians, actors, and dancers,
         including his collaboration with Duke Ellington. He describes his
         decline into cocaine use, alcoholism, and madness following the
         death of long-time friend and colleague Joyce Trisler. After hospi-
         talization and a long, slow recovery, Ailey readjusted his working
         priorities to spend less time managing and more time creating.
         Many of Ailey's dances are autobiographical and require his
         dancers to act as well as dance. His most highly acclaimed works
         include Revelations, Roots of the Blues, Memoria, written after the
         death of Joyce Trisler, and Phases, the work written after his recov-
         ery. Ailey died in 1989, leaving behind two dance companies, The
         Alvin Ailey American Dance Center, which offers classes to 3,000
         students a year, and a large repertory of ballets.

31.   Aleckson, Sam (b. 1852).       Before the War and after the Union.
      Chapel Hill, North Carolina: Academic Affairs Library,
      University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, 2000.
         http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu/neh/aleckson/menu.html
         Notes: Documenting the American South (Project).
         Available in paper Boston, Massachusetts: Gold Mind Publishing,
         1990 (171 pages).

32.   Allen, Marcus.      Marcus: The Autobiography of Marcus Allen.
      Written   with   Carlton   Stowers.     New    York,    New   York:   St.
      Martin's Press, 1997.    313 pages;           photographs.       ISBN:
      0312169248 : 0312966237.
         Abstract: Marcus Allen was born into a family of two parents and
         six sons. He credits his and his brothers' accomplishments to the
         support and encouragement they got from their parents. Allen
         and four of his brothers were accomplished athletes, including his
         brother Damon, who is a star in the Canadian Football League.
         After high school, Allen went to the University of Southern
         California to play for the Trojan football team, had an outstanding
         career there, and received the Heisman Trophy in his senior year.
         He was then drafted into the National Football League by the Los
         Angeles Raiders and started a promising professional career.
         Allen writes extensively about his eleven years with the Raiders.
         The owner, Al Davis, oversaw the day to day running of the entire
         organization and at some point developed a dislike for Allen. For
         years he refused to let the coaches play him, but also steadfastly
         refused to trade or otherwise release him. Finally in 1992, Allen
         taped an interview in which he spoke openly about his treatment
                              The Bibliography                               39


         by the Raiders’ owner.      The interview was broadcast during half
         time of a televised Raiders game, and Davis was finally forced to
         let him go. Allen was quickly approached by a number of other
         teams, and decided to join the Kansas City Chiefs. His career was
         rehabilitated, and he thrived on the open, friendly, and supportive
         atmosphere in the Chiefs organization and the unconditional sup-
         port of Kansas City fans. He retired in 1997 to become a television
         sports commentator. Allen discusses his part in the controversy
         surrounding the O. J. Simpson criminal and civil trials. He also
         describes the employment conditions of football players, pointing
         out the disadvantages of the players in terms of ability to negoti-
         ate or take a degree of control over their own careers. As far as
         race is concerned, Allen says, "While the players are generally
         color-blind, management still has a long way to go" (p. 208), citing
         the small number of black head coaches as an example. Many tal-
         ented black college coaches, he says, have refused to even look for
         a job in the NFL because of the marginal role they assume they
         would be given.

33.   Allen, Richard (1760-1831) and Absalom Jones (1746-1818). The
      Life, Experience, and Gospel Labours of the Rt. Rev. Richard Allen
      to Which Is Annexed the Rise and Progress of the African Methodist
      Episcopal Church in the United States of America: Containing a
      Narrative of the Yellow Fever in the Year of Our Lord 1793: With an
      Address to the People of Colour in the United States. Chapel Hill,
      North Carolina: Academic Affairs Library, University of North
      Carolina at Chapel Hill, 2000.
         http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu/neh/allen/allen.sgml
         http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu/neh/allen/allen.html
         Notes:   Documenting the American South (Project).
         Originally published Philadelphia: Martin & Boden, Printers, 1833
         (60 pages).

34.   Als, Hilton. The Women. New York, New York: Farrar, Straus,
      and Giroux, 1996. 145 pages. ISBN: 0374292051.
         Notes:      Published in paperback New York: The Noonday Press,
         1998. ISBN: 0374525293.
         Abstract:     Hilton Als, writer and cultural critic, writes about his
         own life and identity as a homosexual, more specifically as a
         "Negress" or "auntie man" (the terms for homosexuals in his native
         Barbados), using stories of three women and a man. The first is his
         mother, a woman who lived in poverty with her children, refusing
40         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        to marry the rich man who had fathered most of them. His moth-
        er called herself a Negress, and this is the identity that Als has cho-
        sen for himself. He talks about being a "Negress" in terms of how
        his mother saw herself and how society viewed her and other
        black women. He thinks about the connection between his moth-
        er and himself as he watches her slowly die from physical causes
        that he believes were triggered when his father left her for anoth-
        er woman. The next woman he writes about is Louise Little, the
        mother of Malcolm X, who is remembered for nothing other than
        that she was the target of her son's hatred. He uses the illustration
        to show how many black women are known only in the context of
        the men in their family. The third woman is Dorothy Dean, a high-
        ly educated and intelligent black woman who befriended white
         homosexuals, acting as their escort in society. He focuses on the
         hopelessness of her relationships with them.       The one man he
         writes about, Owen Dodson, was a writer during the Harlem
         Renaissance. Als, then a teenager, met Dodson as an old, disabled
         man, and they had a sexual relationship. Als scrutinizes the influ-
         ence each of the above mentioned individuals have had on the
         development and emergence of his own personality and identity.

35.   Alvarez,   Julia.      Something   to Declare.   Chapel    Hill, North
      Carolina: Algonquin Books of Chapel Hill, 1998.             300 pages.
      ISBN: 1565121937.
         Notes: Published in paperback New York: Plume, 1999.            ISBN:
         0452280672.
         Abstract:   Poet, novelist, and teacher Alvarez has written a series
         of essays to answer the questions of readers "who want to know
         more than I have told you in my novels and poems. About my
         experience of immigration, about switching languages, about the
         writing life, the teaching life, the family life, about all those com-
         bined" (p. x). Born in the Dominican Republic, Alvarez's father
         was involved in the underground movement against the reigning
         dictator. Knowing that his and his family's lives would likely be
         threatened, the father obtained a student visa, and the family left
         for New     York.   While still in the Dominican   Republic, Alvarez
         studied at a school where all subjects were taught in English, but
         it was still a shock to find herself surrounded by nothing but
         English when she arrived in the United States. When she started
         school, she finally began to understand the power and possibili-
         ties of language. Alvarez's new vision of language sent her solid-
         ly in the direction of writing. She has been inspired and influ-
         enced by many writers, but chiefly William Carlos Williams,
                           The Bibliography                               41


         whose mother was Puerto Rican and spoke Spanish at home, and
         Maxine Hong Kingston, from whom she learned about dealing
         with "the duality of her experience" (p. 168). Alvarez writes from
         her experiences as a native-born Dominican and as a Latina in the
         United States. "By writing powerfully about our Latino culture,
         we are forging a tradition and creating a literature that will widen
         and enrich the existing canon" (p. 170). Alvarez has published
         several novels, including How the Garcia Girls Lost Their Accent
         (1992) and In the Time of Butterflies (1994), which is about the
         Mirabel Sisters of the Dominican Republic who were murdered
         during the Trujillo regime. She has also published several books
         of poetry. Alvarez taught at Middlebury College in Vermont but
         resigned her position to write full time.

36.   Anderson, Thomas (b. 1785). Interesting Account of Thomas
      Anderson, a Slave, Taken from His Own Lips. Taken down by J. P.
      Clark. Chapel Hill, North Carolina: Academic Affairs Library,
      University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, 2000.
         http://docsouth.unc.edu/neh/anderson/anderson.sgml
         http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu/neh/anderson/anderson.html
         Notes:   Documenting the American South (Project).

ah.   Angelou, Maya. Even the Stars Look Lonesome. New York, New
      York: Random House, 1997. 145 pages. ISBN: 0375500316.
         Notes: Published in paperback New York: Bantam Books, 1998.
         ISBN: 0553379720.
        Abstract: Noted poet, author, autobiographer, playwright, and
        screenplay writer Maya Angelou writes a series of short essays on
        her own life and commentaries on life in general. The themes of
        the essays range from the importance of the survival of African
        culture throughout the world to African art, African-American
        spirit, the strength of African-American women, the romanticizing
        of the history of slavery, her own changing views on aging, on
        having a house that is truly a home, her mother, and others. She
        includes the poetry of many African-American poets to illustrate
        her ideas, especially those about the importance and necessity of
        art as a part of life. She uses poems by Langston Hughes and Paul
        Laurence Dunbar in the essay "Art for the Sake of the Soul," in
        which she asserts that it is art that has made it possible for black
        Americans to persevere despite all hardships.
                  I have written of the black American experience,
                  which I know intimately.     I am always talking
42        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



                  about the human condition in general and about
                  society in particular. What it is like to be human,
                  and American,        what   makes   us weep,     what
                  makes us fall and stumble and somehow rise
                  and go on from darkness into darkness that
                  darkness carpeted with figures of fear and the
                  hounds behind and hunters behind and one
                  more river to cross, and oh, my God, will I ever
                  reach   that somewhere,       that safe getting-up
                  morning. I submit to you that it is art that allows
                  us to stand erect.                             (p. 130)

38.   Arboleda,   Teja.    In the Shadow        of Race: Growing          Up as a
      Multiethnic, Multicultural, and “Multiracial”                   American.
      Mahwah, New Jersey: Erlbaum Publishers, 1998.                  268 pages.
      ISBN: 0805825746 : 0805825754.
        Abstract: Arboleda is an actor, video artist, and writer. He travels
        around the country performing his one man play Ethnic Man! (A
        version of this play is available on video from Ethnic Diversity,
        1997.) In one of his many conversations with the individuals he
        comes into contact with while traveling and performing, he
        described himself as follows: "Born in Brooklyn, grew up in
        Germany, then New York, then Japan for 14 years. My father's
        African-American /Native-American and Filipino-Chinese and
        my mother's German/Danish" (p. 255). Arboleda's focus is his
        diverse ethnic and cultural background.         He testified before
        Congress in support of adding a "multiracial" category to the 2000
        census after having been pressured by previous census takers to
        mark a box indicating his race. After three visits, Arboleda still
        refused, so the census taker marked Hispanic. Arboleda's mother
        was born in Germany, and his father was raised in the United
        States and the Philippines. Arboleda's paternal grandfather left
        the Philippines in his early teens and found that when he returned
        to take over his family responsibilities with his part Gullah, part
         Indian wife and children, he was not accepted by his Filipino fam-
         ily, nor was his wife ever welcomed in the community. Arboleda's
         father found that he belonged with no community, neither African
         American, white, nor Asian. He traveled in Germany, where he
         met his wife-to-be. They also faced the problems of an interracial
         marriage, both in Germany and in the United States. Arboleda
         and his brother Miguel found as did their father, that they
         belonged in no one's world. The Arboledas decided to move to
         Japan, a possible neutral territory. Although Japan did not prove
         to be a paradise, the children found a niche in their American
                           The Bibliography                                    43


         school, and their father was accepted and able to develop a
         rewarding career. Although Arboleda's father remained perma-
         nently in Japan, his mother left to live in the United States when
         Arboleda was in high school. When Arboleda returned to the
         United States to attend college, he endured continuous culture
         shock. Arboleda's life experiences and career have been shaped
         and colored by his multiracial and diverse cultural upbringing.
         His own desire to understand who he is has often run afoul of oth-
         ers trying to force their own definitions upon him. In his intro-
         duction, Arboleda writes,

                  What I am is human.       A high schooler might
                  groan over that statement, but it is after all, the
                  only truth. Everything else is political. ... This
                  is what the book is all about—my perceptions
                  about who I am. Hopefully, this might encour-
                  age others to reflect on who they are outside of
                  the limited categories of race, ethnicity, gender,
                  religion, class, and all those other things that
                  politically fragment what they are. After all, the
                  basis of discrimination is sociopolitical—we, as
                  humans, intellectualize our differences.      (p. ix)

39.   Archuleta, Ruben E. (1945- ). I Came from El Valle: From the
      Fields to the Chief's Office. Edited by Terry Freeman.              Pueblo,
      Colorado: Shuster's Printing, 1999.         259 pages; photographs.
      ISBN: 0962974838.
         Abstract: Law enforcement officer Ruben Archuleta begins his
         work with a description of the general area of his birth near
        Antonito, Colorado just north of the New Mexico border. His
        grandparents, who had a comfortable farm in the area, raised
        Archuleta and his sister while their parents did migrant farm
        work. Upon completing high school, Archuleta joined the Navy.
        He shipped to various locations in the Pacific and spent two years
        in action off the coast of Vietnam during the Vietnam Conflict.
        Following his six-year tour of duty, Archuleta returned to his par-
        ents' home in Pueblo, Colorado, and attended college. Settling on
        a career in law enforcement, Archuleta never looked back. He
        started out as a beat patrolman, was promoted to sergeant, attend-
        ed the FBI National Academy, and was promoted to captain.
        Archuleta's responsibilities included working with the Russian
        inspection teams and the On Site Inspection Agency to monitor
        the   Pueblo   Depot   Activity   (PDA)   in conjunction     with     the
        Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty. He also provid-
44        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        ed security for high level visitors, including presidents, presiden-
        tial hopefuls, and entertainers. Archuleta provides photographs
        and recounts many of his adventures as a police officer in Pueblo.
        He describes enduring several years of severe depression as he
        struggled with a new police chief. Surviving this episode, he was
        appointed as the next police chief. Strong willed and exhibiting
        the utmost integrity, Archuleta found himself under pressure from
        important political figures to compromise his beliefs and his pro-
        fessional standards. When he attempted to retire in the midst of
        such pressure, an overwhelming flood of support from citizens,
        coworkers, supervisees, youth, and community officials con-
        vinced him to stay on. Archuleta has a wife, to whom he is devot-
         ed, and three daughters.   He is involved in a number of commu-
         nity activities, including the Special Olympics and the Latino
         Chamber of Commerce.

40.   Ariyoshi, Koji (1914-1976).     From Kona to Yenan: The Political
      Memoirs of Koji Ariyoshi.      Edited by Alice M. Beechert and
      Edward D. Beechert.       Honolulu, Hawai'i: Published for the
      Biographical Research Center by the University of Hawai'i
      Press, 2000. 225 pages; photographs.      ISBN: 0824823761.
         Abstract: In 1951, Koji Ariyoshi was arrested along with six other
         people under the Smith Act on charges of being a member of the
         Communist Party and advocating the violent overthrow of the
         U.S. Government. In the years that it took Ariyoshi's case to trav-
         el through the court system, he reflected on his life and the ques-
         tion of whether to plead guilty or not guilty. His reflections took
         the form of a number of essays originally published in the
         Honolulu Record, of which he was the editor.      In his essays he
         describes the events, observations, people, and experiences which
         gave him his particular world view and path in life. Ariyoshi
         grew up in poverty on his parents’ small coffee farm, conditions he
         later compared to poverty-stricken white tenant farmers in
         Georgia and similar situations in India and China. He had com-
         pleted his studies at the University of Georgia and was living in
         California when the order was given to relocate all Japanese and
         Japanese Americans from the West Coast during World War II. He
         was sent to the Manzanar Relocation Center. Ariyoshi joined a
         group of volunteers in the Idaho beet fields and later volunteered
         for the army to work in military intelligence. His assignments
         included a tour of duty in China, where he spent a significant
         amount of his time in Yenan with the Communists. He had the
         opportunity there to assess the differences between the
         Communist Chinese under Mao Tse-tung and the Nationalists led
                              The Bibliography                               45


         by Chiang Kai Shek. He left China strongly supporting the aims
         of the Communists, and his sympathies were with the laborer and
         the downtrodden. He had very little respect for what he viewed
         as the corrupt regime of Chiang. By the time his military tour of
         duty came to an end, U.S. politics began to take a serious shift to
         the right, and it was this political climate that eventually led to his
         arrest. He writes:
                  I began opposing and fighting discrimination
                  when I experienced bias toward me and my
                  friends by other people because of color and
                  ancestry. I saw the crime of intervention in for-
                  eign affairs from my China experience. All these
                  made strong impacts upon me and helped shape
                  my thinking. The conditions that I experienced
                  developed me. A great many of these situations
                  require improvement. No one disagrees on this
                  point. I have directed my thoughts toward that
                  end, and I have tried to find answers to the prob-
                  lems, just as many     others likewise   must   have
                  done and must be doing.         In the eyes of the
                  guardians of the status quo, to do so is a crime.
                                                               (p. 197)

41.   Arnett, Marvin V. Pieces from the Crazy Quilt: The Childhood
      Memoirs of a Great-Grandmother.  Bloomington, Indiana: Ist.
      Books Library, 1997. 206 pages. ISBN: none.
         Notes:   Also published     in a revised edition in 2000.        ISBN:
         1587210177; Lincoln: University of Nebraska       Press, 2003.   ISBN:
         0803210647.
         Abstract: Marvin V. Arnett was born in Detroit, Michigan, in 1928.
         She writes about the years of her childhood until 1943, when she
         finished junior high school.    Each chapter describes a particular
         episode from her life, most of which have her parents at the cen-
         ter. Her father, William, was widely considered to be the wisest
         man in the neighborhood. He was looked to for solutions to par-
         ticularly sticky problems and was the one who went down to the
         local grammar school to straighten out any injustices to the black
         students. Arnett's mother, Gracie, was viewed as a saint. She was
         a pillar of her church, an excellent cook and seamstress,         and
        unfailingly kindhearted. Together, her parents looked after weak-
        er members of the community, especially those considered for
        some reason to be inferior to the rest. At a time when mixed-race
        marriages were unthinkable, William encouraged the local Jewish
46       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        fish-shop owner to marry his true love, a black mother who had
       been abandoned by her common-law husband. Arnett's mother
       befriended a woman who was scorned by the rest of the neigh-
       borhood because she was the mistress of a married man. She was
       also strong enough to face up to a well-liked and respected minis-
       ter who she discovered had been sexually abusing young girls.
       Some of Arnett's stories are tragic, such as that of a handicapped
       child who was shot and killed by a policeman, the beating death
       of her godmother by her husband, and the race riots that broke out
       in Detroit in the summer of 1943. Arnett ends the book by describ-
       ing how each character mentioned in the book taught her impor-
       tant lessons about life that she would like to see passed down to
       young people today.

42   Arteaga,   Alfred   (1950-   ).   House   with   the Blue   Bed.   San
     Francisco, California: Mercury House, 1997. 114 pages. ISBN:
     1562791060.
        Abstract: Alfred Arteaga, Chicano poet and professor of literature
        at the University of California, Berkeley, offers a series of essays
        about places and events that seem at first to be unrelated. He
        writes about peaceful scenes, beaches in Ireland and Mexico, time
        spent in Paris, and various romantic encounters.      He then links
        them to stories of violence, including traffic accidents he has wit-
        nessed, the rape of a neighbor, and a situation in which he comes
        home to find his daughter "in an assassination position, kneeling"
        (p. 57) while a policeman holds a gun to her head. He then uses
        irony to compare these scenes with even more extreme instances
        of cultural and partisan violence in the United States, especially in
        California, and in Ireland. For example, he attributes his success
        in calmly talking the policeman into letting his daughter go to a
        Chicano protest against the war in Vietnam in Los Angeles which
        he had witnessed many years before. The protest resulted in the
        violent deaths of journalist Ruben Salazar and others. He says he
        was able to give the policeman holding his daughter the images
        and words he could relate to,
                 I did my best to speak my daughter out of
                 insignificance and to move her image in his
                 mind to an equivalency with that of a suburban
                 Anglo girl of the bourgeoisie, the national icon
                 he would be loathe to kill... . I think that had I
                 not lost faith as a young man in East Los
                 Angeles, I might have lost a daughter that day in
                 San Jose.                                    (p. 58)
                           The Bibliography                                 47



43.   Asayesh, Gelareh. Saffron Sky: A Life between Iran and America.
      Boston, Massachusetts: Beacon Press, 1999. 222 pages.             ISBN:
      0807072109 : 0807072117.
         Abstract: Gelareh Asayesh, a newspaper reporter and writer, was
         born in Iran and went to the United States with her family for
         schooling in 1977 at the age of 15. Soon after they moved, the Shah
         was overthrown and the Islamic fundamentalists led by the
         Ayatollah Khomeini took over. Largely for this reason, neither she
         nor other family members went back to Iran until 1990. She writes
         about the happy reunion with her aunts, uncles, and cousins and
         how she reacquainted herself with Iranian life. Although she was
         encumbered by the new regulations for women as well as the
         increased importance of religious practices, she realized that she
         could still pursue many of the pleasures she remembered from her
         childhood. Interwoven with this story, Asayesh recounts the dif-
         ficulties she had fitting into American life as a teenager and how
         she and her family did their best to assimilate. She also analyzes
         their reasons for staying in the United States despite the fact that
         they felt so much like outsiders and her parents' original determi-
         nation that their family would eventually return to Iran.
         Following her initial trip home, she began to make trips as fre-
         quently as once a year. She writes about the birth of her daughter
         and their trips to Iran together. Now that Asayesh was spending
         more time in Iran, her next dilemma was how to maintain a bal-
         ance of both cultures and assuage her homesickness and need for
         connection with her native culture. She spoke only Farsi to her
         daughter and demanded that her husband also study the lan-
         guage. They bought samovars, carpets, and other Iranian house-
         hold articles, and did their best to keep up traditional Iranian cel-
         ebrations. As the book ends, the family is getting ready to spend
         four months together living in Iran, and while she looks forward
         to going, she is already dreading the heartbreak of having to leave
         her home in the United States.

44.   Ashby, William M. (1889-1991).       Tales without Hate.    Preface by
      Douglas Eldridge. Introduction by Clement Alexander Price.
      2nd ed.    Newark, New Jersey: Newark Preservation and
      Landmarks Committee /Upland Press, 1996. 221 pages; photo-
      graphs; facsimile documents. ISBN: 0964291657.
         Notes: Originally published 1980.      2nd edition includes sixteen
         new chapters.
48     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



     Abstract: In 136 vignettes, Mr. Ashby delineates his family histo-
     ry, provides a picture of his childhood and of his career as a social
     worker and director of the Urban League of Essex County, New
     Jersey, and Springfield, Illinois.   One of ten surviving children,
     Ashby was born in 1899 to parents who, according to family lore,
     came from a long line of free, land-owning Negroes. Born and
     raised in Newport News, Virginia, Ashby moved to New Jersey
     with his mother and brother and then enrolled in Lincoln
     University in Pennsylvania, leaving home with the fifty-dollar
     tuition sewn into his shirt. Following graduation in 1911, Ashby,
     greatly influenced by Eugene Debs, was determined to find
     employment in some field that would allow him to aid his fellow
     human being. But few careers were open to him: only those of
     teacher, doctor, minister, and lawyer. Ashby found work as a wait-
     er until he was financially able to return to school. He enrolled in
     the School of Religion at Yale University. One of sixteen African-
     American students enrolled in similar programs at Yale, Ashby
     recounts the racism he encountered from students and faculty
     alike. After finishing school, he returned to New Jersey, where he
     was eventually offered a position as the first director of the Essex
     County Urban League in 1917. Ashby remained deeply involved
     in this kind of work for most of his long career, not retiring until
     1953. As an Urban League director, Ashby specialized in opening
     doors of employment for African Americans, especially the hun-
     dreds of thousands immigrating from the South during the first
     half of the twentieth century. Ashby's vignettes include stories of
     Marian Anderson, Paul Robeson, and the plight of African-
     American soldiers returning from World War II to find neither
     housing nor employment open to them. Thinking about retire-
     ment, Ashby writes,
              I was tired, dead tired physically. Moreover, for
              thirty-seven years, my mind and my emotions
              had been buffeted about from pillar to post as I
              tried to understand and assuage the hatreds of
              one man for another; as I tried to placate the
              wounds of men for whom justice was just a
              mockery; as I tried to give inspiration and
               aspiration to one who has peeped through the
               murk and seen a star, and set as his goal the
               reaching of that star. ... I had not succeeded.
                                                          (p. 202)
     However he ends his book with a ray of hope. He tells about a
     small boy who comes up to the curb, takes his hand, and helps
     him across the street. Ashby decides from this that "mankind need
                            The Bibliography                                     49


         not have fear that it will be blasted into oblivion tomorrow" (p.
         213).

45.   Awkward, Michael.        Scenes of Instruction:        A Memoir.     Durham,
      North Carolina: Duke University Press, 1999. 208 pages; pho-
      tographs; index. ISBN: 0822324024.
         Abstract: Michael Awkward, a professor at the University of
         Pennsylvania, writes about his youth, using graduation from each
         level of schooling for his benchmarks: elementary school, junior
         high school, high school at a private prep school, college at
         Brandeis University, and graduate school at the University of
         Pennsylvania. Awkward states in his introduction:
                  This book constitutes my risky attempt to circu-
                  late the major themes of my mother's narratives,
                  and to demonstrate that I've absorbed their form
                  and content well enough to contribute to femi-
                  nism's efforts to challenge patriarchy's unabated
                  rule. A record of events that have marked that
                  still on-going search, it combines biographical
                  recall, textual criticism, and institutional analysis
                  in a form that .. . we might call "autocritogra-
                  phy."                                              (p. 7)
        Awkward     was    raised   by his mother,      an    alcoholic,   in South
        Philadelphia.     His abusive father had left the home.            Awkward
        excelled in school, but he always felt uncomfortable in the roles
        that black males were expected to have in terms of force and dom-
        ination over females. He preferred mooning over the girl of his
        dreams and avoiding confrontation with anything sexually explic-
        it or violent. He was so different from the men around him that
        his mother and sister finally asked him if he was gay. He became
        more confused about his identity when he went off to an elite prep
        school. The school was predominantly white, but he found him-
        self forced into the Black Brotherhood, a group that demanded
        loyalty and kept itself segregated. He stayed with the group, feel-
        ing oppressed by it but also welcoming the familiarity. In college,
        he pursued his interest in feminism by attending a class, entitled
        "The Black Woman," in which he was treated with hostility by the
        professor. Awkward pursues these and other topics relating to his
        youth, linking them to his relationship with and feelings for his
        mother. He alternates narrative with criticism of black writers and
        intellectuals and discussions of various intellectual matters he has
        wrestled with as an adult to show how his early experiences have
        influenced his ideas and work.
50         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



46. Baek, Hongyong (1912- ). See Lee, Helie.

47.   Bagby, Rachel L. Divine Daughters: Liberating the Power and
      Passion of Women’s Voices.     San Francisco, California:
      HarperSanFrancisco, 1999. 279 pages. ISBN: 0062514261 :
      006251427x.
         Abstract: Bagby writes about her efforts to exorcise the demons of
         racism, sexism, sexual abuse, and parental neglect by expressing
         her emotions through chanting, singing, dancing, and worship.
         She celebrates the feminine, affirming all that women represent,
         and seeks the divine in each woman. Bagby entered Stanford Law
         School in 1971. She was one of thirty-five women and seven black
         students out of a total class of 172. During this intense time, Bagby
         regularly turned to the mountains and forests for rejuvenation,
         and these natural forces have continued to sustain her during
         other times of recovery. After law school, Bagby was raped while
         attending a spiritual retreat. The wounds from the attack made it
         impossible for her to function in society, and she became destitute
         and homeless, sleeping in the San Francisco Airport. During this
         period, Bagby's self-hatred—especially for herself as an African
         American and as a woman—made her easy prey for sexual
         exploitation.     To win herself back, she returned to her mother's
         house to learn her mother's stories and those of the other women
         of her family. She turned to intense spiritual experiences and cel-
         ebrations, which included expressing herself through music and
         dance and which affirmed the divinity of women. Bagby tells her
         story because she believes that women must pass their stories on
         to their daughters—the bad with the good—so that their daugh-
         ters can learn and be inspired and grow as part of a tradition or
         community of women. "I could not live without knowing and giv-
         ing voice to how they had lived. Their stories were my breath and
         my birthright. They restored my soul" (p. 189). Inspirational
         chants and poetry are included throughout the book.

48.   Bailey, Cornelia.       God, Dr. Buzzard, and the Bolito Man: A
      Saltwater Geechee Talks about Life on Sapelo Island. Written with
      Christena Bledsoe. New York, New York: Doubleday, 2000.
      334 pages; photographs; map. ISBN: 0385493762.
         Notes: Published in paperback New York: Anchor Books, 2001.
         ISBN: 0385493770.
         Abstract:       The Geechee and Gullah people are believed to be
         directly descended from slaves brought from Sierra Leone specifi-
                   The Bibliography                                  51


cally to grow rice on the Sea Islands off the coast of South Carolina
and Georgia. The Geechee live predominantly on the islands
along Georgia, and the Gullah, on the islands along South
Carolina. Cornelia Bailey was born on Sapelo Island where her
family has lived since slavery times. She spent the first part of her
married life on nearby St. Simons Island, but soon returned with
her husband to live in the community of Hog Hammock on Sapelo
Island.   It is one of the most isolated Sea Islands.     In this work,
Bailey describes life as it was on the island during her childhood.
Because of the isolation, many religious beliefs and cultural and
domestic practices of the early Geechee society remained intact.
At the time of emancipation, many of the plantation owners left
the island, but the freed slaves chose to remain. Although they
were no longer slaves, the African-American islanders were still
subject to the arbitrary whims of the local white landowners and
employers. Bailey's father was cheated out of his family's land by
his employer who forcefully moved families out of all but one area
of the island. This destroyed the several distinct communities on
the island, combining them all into one. In 1989, Bailey was part
of a Gullah/ Geechee delegation to Sierra Leone, where she noted
a landscape and climate similar to Sapelo and recognized many
objects, songs, practices, and food items. Bailey was overwhelmed
by this evidence of her family's and community's direct connec-
tion to the people of Sierra Leone. Today Bailey continues to work
to preserve Hog Hammock as a Geechee community. She con-
cludes her work with the following:
          I want us always to have a community on this
          island. A community of people who enjoy quiet
          living, value the land, and want to raise children
          in a place that is still a paradise for kids. I want
          the state and people everywhere to be proud of
          us and to realize the distinct historic and cultur-
          al value we have as a people who've lived here
          ever since the time of slavery.   ... [W]e're about
          the last majority Geechee  /Gullah population liv-
          ing on a major island unconnected to the main-
          land in the entire string of Sea Islands, from
          South Carolina to Florida.                (p. 333)
52            Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



49.   Baker, Terri. I’m Not Dancing Anymore: O. J. Simpson's Niece
      Speaks Her Mind. Written with Kenneth Ross and Mary Jane
      Ross.     New   York, New    York: Kensington Books, 1997.           291
      pages; photographs. ISBN: 1575662566.
         Notes: Also published New York: Pinnacle Books, 1998 as I’m Not
         Dancing Anymore: O. J. Simpson's Niece Breaks the Silence. ISBN:
         0786005343 (303 pages).
         Abstract: Terri Baker is a niece of O. J. Simpson, the former pro-
         fessional football player who, in 1995, was tried and acquitted for
         the murder of his former wife, Nicole Brown, and an acquaintance
         of hers, Ron Goldman. Baker says that her family always main-
         tained a great interest in Simpson, following his football and
         celebrity careers and treating him with deference. Simpson, how-
         ever, was not attentive to his family, and chose instead to spend
         his time and money on his friends and lovers, most of whom were
         white. Baker always wondered about the situation, especially
         about the lack of attention given to her grandmother and mother,
         Simpson's mother and elder sister.     When Simpson was accused
         and tried for the murder of his former wife, the family rallied
         around him. Baker was the only Simpson relative living in
         Southern California at the time and, along with making daily
         appearances at the Los Angeles courthouse (defense lawyers rec-
         ommended a strong show of family support), she was given the
         tasks of shuttling San Francisco relatives to and from the airport,
         spending time at the jail with her uncle, and the enormous job of
         sorting through his mail. Because of the time away from work and
         stress of the trial, both she and her mother quit their jobs, and their
         personal lives were destroyed. After the trial, Simpson went back
         to his friends and, by this time, Baker had turned to drink.       She
         finally sought help at a rehabilitation clinic where she received the
         treatment she needed. She was appalled that her family rarely vis-
         ited her, even though they had given up everything for Simpson,
         with whom they had rarely had contact. She began venting the
         anger that had built up, and this venting caused a great deal of
         friction within her family, but she was able to move back into soci-
         ety and offer her support during the Simpson civil trial in 1996.

50.   Baker, Vernon J. Lasting Valor. Columbus, Mississippi: Genesis
      Press, 1997. 294 pages; photographs. ISBN: 1885478526.
         Notes: Also published New York: Bantam Books, 1999.              ISBN:
         0553580620 (315 pages).
                           The Bibliography                                 53


         Abstract:   Vernon J. Baker, the only living black veteran of World
         War II to receive the Medal of Honor, grew up in Cheyenne,
         Wyoming. As a young man, his best opportunity for employment
         was the United States Army. He describes the racial discrimina-
         tion rampant in the military, and how the black soldiers, members
         of the Buffalo Soldier units, were not considered worthy of active
         service in World War II until white mothers began to complain
         that only their sons were dying. Baker was an officer in his unit,
         the 924 Infantry Division, which served in Italy. Baker led his
         men during a battle to capture Castle Aghinolfi from the Germans.
         He lost nineteen of twenty-five men, but fought on, even after the
         white commander had fled, giving up the soldiers who remained
         for dead.   Baker was decorated and promoted for his role in the
         battle, but he never knew that he had been nominated for the
         Medal of Honor. It was widely known that the U.S. Army refused
         to give its highest honors to black and Nisei soldiers who fought
         in World War II, even though they were widely lauded and given
         highest honors by the French and Italian governments. Baker
         stayed in the army for almost thirty years. He saw the army
         desegregate and was given command over white soldiers. He
         finally retired during the Vietnam War, discouraged and intimi-
         dated by the lack of morale among the troops and by rampant
         drug use. Fifty-two years after the end of World War IL, in January
         1997, Baker and six black soldiers who had died in battle were
         awarded the Medal of Honor by President Bill Clinton at the
         White House. The awards came about following a study commis-
         sioned by the Secretary of the Army to determine why no black
         World War II veterans had ever received this honor.

51.   Bandele, Asha.    The Prisoner’s Wife:    A Memoir.   New York, New
      York: Scribner, 1999. 219 pages. ISBN: 0684850737.
         Notes: Also published New York: Washington Square Press, 2000.
         (Includes WSP Readers Club guide.) ISBN: 0671021486.
         Abstract:   Asha Bandele, a poet, writer and speaker, records the
         history of her relationship with Rashid, a Guyana-born prisoner in
         a New York correctional facility. As a college student, she volun-
         teered to give poetry readings at prisons and met Rashid during
         this time. Two years later, they began a romantic relationship, first
         via letters and phone calls, and later through Bandele's frequent
         visits to the prison. Rashid was honest with her about the cir-
         cumstances of his imprisonment. He had participated in a murder
         and was unable to even petition for parole for twenty years. She
         learned later that many wives and girlfriends had little informa-
54        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        tion on the crimes their men were convicted of, and while she
        appreciated Rashid more for his openness, she was also haunted
        by visions of the wife and child of the murdered man. When the
        two began examining the poverty and abuse of Rashid's child-
        hood in Guyana, she began to recall her own childhood and youth,
        remembering instances of sexual abuse she herself had suffered.
        Rashid helped her through this difficult period of coming to terms
        with her past, and this support enabled Bandele to complete col-
        lege and launch a career. Finally, they decided to marry, doing so
        inside the prison. They then became eligible for conjugal visits
         several times a year, and their relationship was consummated four
         months after the wedding. Bandele discusses the difficulties of
         making a success of a marriage to a prisoner. She has a career that
         takes her around the world, but finds herself running home to take
         a scheduled phone call or turning down opportunities because of
         prison visiting days. She describes the constant fear that prison
         authorities will revoke their visits, the devastating disappoint-
         ment of a rejected appeal, the agonizing decision to have an abor-
         tion, and the mind-numbing task of counting the days and months
         and years until her husband will be eligible to petition for parole.
         She also talks about how all of the unhappiness is constantly coun-
         tered by the joy of their relationship, and the support and love
         they give each other, and how, without each other, their individual
         stories could easily have been much more tragic.

52.   Banks, William Venoid.      A Legacy of Dreams: The Life and
      Contributions of Dr. William Venoid Banks. Edited by Sheila T.
      Gregory. Lanham, Maryland: University Press of America,
      1999, 152 pages. ISBN: 0761812857.
         Abstract: Dr. Banks began life in Geneva, Kentucky, the child of
         sharecropping farmers.      His father was constantly in trouble
         because of his inability to bow to the petty and cruel demands
         made upon him and his family as a result of racial hierarchy and
         discrimination. One landlord, unhappy to hear that the Banks
         family was prospering, first insisted that Banks's mother also
         work on the farm. Then, when he found out that the mother had
         money in the bank, he rode over to insist that the children stop
         attending school and work on the farm as well. Banks's father's
         response sent the farmer running, but it also put the family's safe-
         ty in jeopardy, and they had to leave town as soon as their contract
         was up. The family moved frequently and often had difficulty
         finding work because of restrictions on hiring black men. Banks's
         mother saved enough money to send her sons to the private
         Lincoln Institute, where Venoid graduated from high school. He
                           The Bibliography                                 55



         went on to Detroit, where he attended junior college and then the
         Detroit College of Law, earning his law degree and passing the bar
         exam in 1929. Banks found that the practice of law, whether in the
         north or south, ran under a system of racial discrimination. All of
         the judges were white and police and other officials could be
         bought. He found that he had to take criminal actions if he were
         to succeed   at practicing criminal    law.    Banks   discusses   the
         inequities of law enforcement and the black community, the effects
         of segregation and vehement racial prejudice, and the need to
         learn how to operate within a racially stratified society to succeed.
         Banks founded, among other organizations, the International Free
         and Accepted Modern Masons, a Masonic organization for
         African Americans, and the WGPR radio and television stations in
         Detroit.

53.   Barnes, Jim.  On Native Ground: Memoirs and Impressions.
      American Indian Literature and Critical Studies Series, 23.
      Norman, Oklahoma: University of Oklahoma Press, 1997. 279
      pages. ISBN: 0806128984.
         Abstract: Born in 1933, Barnes was the fifth child in his family. He
         is one-eighth Choctaw because he had a grandmother who was
         one-half Choctaw. He grew up in Indian Territory in Oklahoma in
         the vicinity of the Fourch Maline River and Holson Creek, and his
         childhood was shaped by the landforms and wildlife there. When
         Barnes thinks back over his life, and especially his childhood, it is
        the landscape that he recalls most prominently.           In 1995 he
        returned with his wife to Oklahoma for a funeral. "Everywhere I
        look are images that bring the past up to now and signal the
        future. No matter how different I may have wanted my life to be,
        what remains is the fact that I am tied to this place, this blood, and
        the ethic that continues to emanate from my native ground” (p.
        278). In Native Ground, Barnes combines prose and poetry to
        evoke the past. In terms of being a writer, however, regionalism
        or ethnicity is a characteristic of secondary importance, he says.
        He identifies himself as writer first and foremost. Barnes contem-
        plates his inspirations and his life-long love of words and reading.
        Barnes attended college, majoring in French, English, and drama.
        His academic experiences “opened up the world" for him because
        of the "unlimited access to thousands of volumes of books and
        magazines" (p. 138).    Barnes began his writing career as a short
        story writer. After writing what he thought to be his first good
        work, he spent ten years finding a publisher for it, and during that
        time, he turned more and more to poetry writing. His writing
        secured him several fellowships to study, translate, and write in
56         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         Europe. He has also traveled and taught in Japan, Korea, and
         Guam. Along with his childhood experiences in Oklahoma, his
         visits to these countries have a strong presence in his writing.

54.   Battle, Leroy A. Easier Said: The Autobiography of Leroy A. Battle.
      Annapolis, Maryland: Annapolis Publishing Company, 1995.
      198 pages; photographs; facsimile documents.                ISBN:
      1884878040.
         Abstract: Accomplished musician and former Tuskegee Airman
         Leroy A. Battle was born in 1921 in New York. He spent his earli-
         est years in Harlem and, in the fifth grade, moved with his family
         to an integrated neighborhood in Brooklyn. Not every business
         establishment was integrated, however, and after he and his
         friends were refused service at a new ice cream parlor, they made
         a point of stopping by each day to heckle the owner. The owner
         eventually sold out, and the new management served any and all
         who chose to enter. Battle's early instinct to resist discriminatory
         treatment   followed   him   into his early career   as   a musician,
         through his military experience, and back into the professional
         music world. A percussionist, he had learned jazz at the elbows of
         the noted musicians of the day and excelled as a parade concert
         percussionist as well. Battle was inducted into the service in 1943,
         just as his musical career was taking off. Initial tests qualified him
         for the Tuskegee program, and he became an air cadet. He grad-
         uated from his training as a lieutenant and was sent to Freeman
         Field in Seymore, Indiana.    There, Battle and one hundred other
         officers protested the whites-only officers’ club by attempting to
         enter. When they refused to leave the club, the officers were all
         arrested and eventually released with a reprimand (which, much
         later, was rescinded altogether). They had made their point and
         were able to move official United States policy to integrate the
         armed forces that much closer to realization. Battle's training was
         completed as the war ended, and he took the first opportunity to
         be discharged and resume his musical career. He entered Morgan
         State University in Maryland and was then paid by the state of
         Maryland to attend graduate school in another state at a school
         that would accept African Americans and allow him to get his
         teaching credential. Battle returned to teach in the Maryland pub-
         lic school system at Douglass High School, where he took a fledg-
         ling music program and led it to national honors. He continued to
         resist racist stereotyping, language, labeling, and policies. He sup-
         ported the movement to desegregate schools and did what he
         could to encourage students who suffered from white opposition.
         All the while, Battle continued his own performing career, which
                           The Bibliography                                 57


         included    a thirty-year association with the jazz combo,        the
         Altones.

55.   Baxter, Freddie Mae. The Seventh Child: A Lucky Life. Edited by
      Gloria Bley Miller. New York, New York: Knopf, 1999. 223
      pages. ISBN: 0375406204.
         Notes: Published in paperback New York: Vintage Books, 2000.
         ISBN: 0375705937.
         Abstract:   In this narrative, Freddie Mae Baxter, a seventy-five-
         year-old retired housekeeper, starts out with her history. She was
         the seventh of eight children, a number she believes gave her luck.
         Born in Denmark, South Carolina, she has no recollection of her
         father and has always resented him for leaving their mother to
         raise them single-handedly. Baxter has great admiration for her
         mother, who managed to raise her children with love, attention,
         and firm discipline while working as a housecleaner. She has
         many good memories of closeness with her brothers and sisters,
         but the family was extremely poor, and Baxter clearly recalls being
         left out and ignored by other children. These experiences have led
         her to be kinder and more considerate of others. As a young
         woman she was a professional musician, playing saxophone in
         various bands. She also worked in other jobs, quitting when she
         decided demands were unreasonable. Later she worked as a
        housekeeper and helped to raise other people's children. Baxter
        talks about her lifestyle and her philosophy on life. Even now, liv-
        ing in Harlem, Baxter is not well off. She speaks wistfully of one
        day winning the Lotto, and concludes that she doesn't have any-
        thing material to give to other people. She tells them instead, "All
        I got to give you is I'll be there if you need me" (p. 60). She enjoys
        gambling in Atlantic City, but carefully restricts the amount she
        spends and always pays her bills at the beginning of the month.
        She maintains a careful regimen, which includes keeping house
        for herself, staying in contact with numerous friends and relatives
        who depend on her comradeship and support, and walking for
        her health. She also insists on the need to enjoy oneself. She
        watches soap operas several hours a day, something she could
        never do when she had to work, dances whenever the opportuni-
        ty arises, and tells jokes and funny stories.

56.   Baye, Betty Winston.    Blackbird. Newport News, Virginia:
      August Press, 2000. 140 pages. ISBN: 0963572032.
        Abstract: Betty Baye is an editorial writer and columnist for the
        Louisville Courier-Journal in Louisville, Kentucky. She was born
58       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



       and raised in New York City and attended Hunter College and
       Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism.       She has her
       own television show with Insight Cable Television and WYCS-TV
       24. Blackbird is a collection of Baye's newspaper columns. In them
       she discusses black womanhood,        interviews Afeni Shakur, the
       mother of slain musician Tupac Shakur, assesses personal direct
       action to achieve personal goals, and presents her thoughts on
       public speaking. She writes about her time in Ghana and a visit to
       Cuba with the William Monroe Trotter Group. Baye also discusses
       her own family. She describes her love for her mother and lists her
       words of wisdom. Baye remembers her father and his struggle
       with cancer. As she goes through menopause, Baye recalls how
       she dismissed the symptoms of her mother and aunts. Baye also
       reflects on her return to New York City after twelve years in
       Louisville, Kentucky, saying that despite having carved a place for
       herself in a new city, she is still a New Yorker at heart.

57. Beals, Melba Pattillo. White Is a State of Mind: A Memoir. New
    York, New York: G. P. Putnam's Sons, 1999. 337 pages. ISBN:
    0399144641.
       Notes: Published in paperback New York: Berkley Books. ISBN:
       0425172694.
       Abstract: Melba Pattillo Beals, one of the nine black high school
       students (known as the Little Rock Nine) who first integrated
       Central High School in Little Rock, Arkansas in 1957, begins her
       story where her first autobiography, Warriors Don’t Cry: A Searing
       Memoir of the Battle to Integrate Little Rock’s Central High (1994),
       ended. During the summer of 1958, she and the other Little Rock
        Nine were feted as heroes as they toured the United States to talk
        about their year at Central High School. Beals came back to Little
        Rock to find her family under siege by the white community,
        which still vehemently opposed integration, and the black com-
        munity, which was suffering the rage and economic vengeance of
        the whites. In the fall of 1959, the five remaining black students at
        Central High discovered that the Ku Klux Klan was offering
        money for their capture and murder. Their families decided to
        send them out of the state to safe houses in the North. Melba was
        sent to Santa Rosa, California, where she was placed in a white
        family, the McCabes, and attended a white high school. After
        eighteen years in Arkansas, the shock was enormous. She could
        only assume that the family would treat her as a servant, and she
        was terrified to ask for any help from white teachers or students at
        Montgomery High School. After a while she learned to trust her
                            The Bibliography                              59



         new family and was able to look whites straight in the eye with-
         out fearing for her life. She was still, however, overwhelmed by
         the differences between life in Santa Rosa and Little Rock:
                    In my Little Rock world, the primary focus had
                    been on survival. In this Santa Rosa world the
                    focus seemed to be on having fun. They must
                    have already learned how to survive. ... Much
                    of my time had been spent listening to Grandma
                    India and Mother Lois worry out loud about two
                    things: how to squeeze money out of turnips and
                    ... keep us housed and fed; and second, how to
                    keep the white folks' feet off our necks—how to
                    live day to day without breaking the rules of seg-
                    regation and getting trounced or hanged.
                                                              (p. 105)
         These differences, aggravated by her eviction from Santa Rosa's
         public swimming pool, caused Beals to suffer a nervous break-
         down. When the McCabes sent her home to Little Rock for rest,
         Beals discovered that she was more unwelcome there than ever.
         She was also terrified that she would forget to follow the rules of
         being a submissive black in the South. Beals later returned to
         Santa Rosa, and the McCabes helped to enroll her at San Francisco
         State College. Beals continued to struggle, but also learned to
         open up and express herself. She married a white military police-
         man and quit school when she became pregnant. Six years later,
         they were divorced and Beals went on welfare to support herself
         and her daughter. She finished college, was accepted into gradu-
         ate school at Columbia University, and was hired as a newscaster
         at the NBC affiliate in San Francisco.    The book ends with Beals,
         age fifty-six, the adoptive mother of twin boys, ready to start ona
         new adventure in life.

58.   Beamon, Bob. The Man Who Could Fly: The Bob Beamon Story.
      Written with Milana Walter Beamon. Columbus, Mississippi:
      Genesis Press, 2000.     175 pages; photographs.   ISBN:
      1885478895.
        Abstract:    Born in 1946, Bob Beamon was raised with little atten-
        tion from his grandmother, father, or stepmother. He grew up
        feeling alone and craving love and affection, which led to difficul-
        ties at school in New York City, where he drifted easily into gang
        life. After attacking a teacher, Beamon was sent to an alternative
        high school, P.S. 600. Somehow the admonitions of the judge and
        the expectations of his teachers helped to turn him around, and he
60        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


        began to excel in sports and music. Beamon was allowed to trans-
        fer to the mainstream Jamaica High School and began competing
        in track. His athletic prowess led to many college scholarship
        offers. He accepted an offer from the University of Texas at El
        Paso (UTEP). It was a newly integrated school where staff were
        just beginning to work with black male athletes. The athletes
         themselves, however, actively pursued civil rights, and Beamon
         was one of many athletes who lost their scholarships when they
         refused to compete against Brigham Young University because of
         its support for the Mormon doctrine that African Americans are
         inferior to whites. Several UTEP professors and staff raised
         money to help the disenfranchised athletes remain in school. At
         this same time, Beamon was training fiercely for the Mexico City
         Olympics of 1968. The Olympic trials were postponed to observe
         the funeral of Robert Kennedy, and then thrown into further tur-
         moil when sociologist Harry Edwards called for an Olympic boy-
         cott to protest the treatment of black athletes. Beamon made up
         his mind to go ahead and compete in the Olympics. He won the
         gold medal in the long jump, breaking the world and Olympic
         records by two feet. His record held for twenty-three years. After
         the Olympics, Beamon returned to UTEP to complete his studies,
         but was frustrated because of a lack of money and because of his
         track and field performance. When he was offered a scholarship
         to Adelphi University in New York with no strings attached, he
         transferred there and graduated with a B.A. in cultural anthropol-
         ogy at the age of twenty-six. Beamon's life has not been easy. He
         has been married five times, and it was difficult for him to learn
         how to navigate the professional world of agents and promoters.
         On the positive side, he has worked successfully with youth, pur-
         sued both musical and artistic activities, and is an accomplished
         public speaker, businessman, and a father and husband.

59.   Bell, Geneva E. (1929- ). My Rose: An African American Mother's
      Story of AIDS.   Foreword by Jeremiah A. Wright.          Cleveland,
      Ohio: Pilgrim Press, 1997.    86 pages.   ISBN: 0829811605.
         Abstract: Geneva Bell, the mother of an adult homosexual son
         with AIDS, writes about her experience caring for him.   She
         laments the lack of support from the African-American communi-
         ty in general and from her home church in particular. She cared
         for her son and her aging father, fielded complaints from other
         family members, and battled a constant flow of crises. She did all
         of this in relative solitude, because she could not bring herself to
         confide in either her family, friends at church, or colleagues at
         work for fear that they would condemn her son for his sexual ori-
                            The Bibliography                               61


         entation. Following the death of her son, also a church member,
         her church, Trinity United Church of Christ in Chicago, estab-
         lished an active HIV/AIDS ministry. The book is written with
         questions at the end of each section intended to further consider-
         ation and discussion of issues such as homosexuality, AIDS, the
         loss of loved ones, stress, and Christian community response.


60.   Benavidez, Roy P. Medal of Honor: A Vietnam Warrior's Story.
      Written with John R. Craig. Foreword by H. Ross Perot.
      Washington, D.C. (Dulles, Virginia): Brassey's, 1995. 211 pages;
      photographs; illustrations. ISBN: 0028810988.
        Notes: Also published in paperback as Medal of Honor: One Man's
        Journey from Poverty and Prejudice. Washington, D.C. [Dulles,
        Virginia]: Brassey's, 1999. ISBN: 1574882031.
         Abstract:    Benavidez was born in 1935.      His parents, a Yaqui
         Indian mother and Mexican-American        father, both had died of
        tuberculosis by the time he was seven. After his mother died,
        Benavidez and his brother were taken to live with their paternal
        uncle, his wife, and eight cousins. Benavidez's temper frequently
        got him into fights, and he dropped out of school at age fifteen.
        He joined the National Guard, and eventually volunteered for the
        U.S. Army. His early days in the army were plagued by his tem-
        per and sense of pride, and he lost rank more than once because of
         fights or insubordination.    However,    Benavidez   succeeded   in
        moving into his military area of choice, starting out in the infantry
        and moving from the military police to air borne and, finally, to
        special forces. He served during the Korean War and had two
        tours of duty in Vietnam. Struck by an exploding land mine in
        Vietnam, Benavidez was sent home and faced the possibility of
        never walking again. He was determined to recuperate, however,
        and in six months was back on his feet. He eventually became
        part of the Special Forces, and was sent back to Vietnam as a Green
        Beret. In May of 1968, Benavidez volunteered for a deadly rescue
        mission.     He was almost immediately wounded, but continued to
        move other wounded and dead soldiers to rescue helicopters.
        Benavidez came so close to death that he was being placed in a
        body bag when one of his friends recognized him and double
        checked for a heart beat. It was for his valor in this rescue opera-
        tion that Benavidez was awarded the Medal of Honor in 1981. In
        his book, Benavidez reflects on the human losses of the Vietnam
        Conflict, the role and duty of soldiers, and mistakes that may have
        been made at the cost of the lives of nearly sixty thousand
        American soldiers and over two million South Vietnamese. While
62         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


         writing this book, Benavidez was working with the youth advo-
         cacy organization LifeSupport, Inc. of Houston, Texas.     He also
         took part in the Fifth Special Forces Group, which received the
         Civic Action Medal from the Republic of Vietnam for carrying out
         tens of thousands of reconstruction projects in Vietnam.

61.   Benton, Corrine.    The Return to the Promised Land.     Pittsburgh,
      Pennsylvania: Dorrance Publishing Company, 1995. 25 pages.
      ISBN: 0805936378.
         Abstract:   Benton uncovered the story of her family through
         genealogical research.   Her great great grandmother Mary was
         raised in a Scottish mission in Barbados.      She was sent to
         Louisiana and then Arkansas as an indentured servant and was
         assured that she would inherit land when her servitude was over.
         Because she had learned to read and write at the mission, Mary
         was able to teach and preach to the slaves associated with her
         household. Her owner, who was also the father of her two daugh-
         ters, built a church for Mary so that she could hold services with
         the slaves. Mary's two daughters were each given land by their
         father. The darker of the two was given land in what Benton calls
         the wilds of Arkansas where she could live in safety with her hus-
         band and children. The lighter daughter moved with her family
         to the city. Benton writes that the members of this family passed
         for Arabs and other lighter-skinned ethnicities and stayed away
         from the extended family. Benton's grandmother Cora was the
         daughter of Mary's daughter who had remained in rural
         Arkansas.      Benton tells stories of the hardship and poverty
         endured by the family and of the migration of aunts and uncles
         away from Arkansas to cities in the North, East, and West. These
         relatives then chose to send their own children back to Arkansas
         to spend the summers with their grandmother and to experience
         the rural life that they had left behind. Benton writes that knowl-
         edge of the hardships endured by her ancestors because of pover-
         ty and discrimination has been important to the younger genera-
         tions of the family, inspiring them to pursue an education, to work
         hard, and to set their goals high.

62.   Berry, Bertice. I’m on My Way but Your Foot Is on My Head: A
      Black Woman's Story of Getting over Life’s Hurdles. New York,
      New York: Fireside Books, 1997. 255 pages. ISBN: 0684831406.
         Notes: Originally published as Bertice: The World According to Me.
         New York: Scribner, 1996.   ISBN: 0684814579.
                           The Bibliography                                  63


         Abstract: Scholar and television talk show host Bertice Berry talks
         about her life and how she achieved success and happiness. Born
         into a large family and raised by an alcoholic mother, Berry took
         every opportunity available and all the resources she had within
         to pull herself out of a cycle of abuse and self-destruction that had
         controlled the women in her family for many generations. Some
         high school teachers derided her efforts to get into college, but
         others encouraged and supported her. She went to Jacksonville
         College in Florida, where she had a patron who paid whatever
         educational expenses she could not afford. She graduated with
         honors and received the President's Cup for outstanding student
         in her class. She decided to go on to graduate school in sociology
         and was accepted at Kent State in Ohio. Both as an undergradu-
         ate and graduate student she was a member of a small black com-
         munity that struggled with discrimination and ignorance, and she
         used her spirit and sense of humor to maintain her mental bal-
         ance. In graduate school she taught undergraduate classes, using
         humor to keep students interested and engaged, and found that
         the motivation resulted in higher grades. Used to doing whatev-
         er work was available, she began doing stand-up comedy to help
         pay her school expenses. She earned her Ph.D., successfully
         defending her dissertation on color discrimination in black socie-
         ty. As her fame in comedy spread, Berry was approached about
         hosting a talk show. It was broadcast for a year. Berry still works
         in television and is raising three children, the biological children of
         one of her sisters. Berry uses the story of her life and her many
         successes to encourage others with similar backgrounds to
         depend on Christian faith, stay determined, endure hardships,
         make careful choices about relationships, and keep an open mind
         in order to achieve their goals and happiness in life.

63.   Bettelyoun, Susan Bordeaux (1857-1945). With My Own Eyes: A
      Lakota Woman Tells Her People's History. Written with Josephine
      Waggoner. Edited and introduced by Emily Levine. Lincoln,
      Nebraska: University of Nebraska Press, 1998. 187 pages; pho-
      tographs; maps. ISBN: 0803212801.
        Abstract: Bettelyoun decided to write the story of her life and her
        tribal family because of the many inaccurate histories that were
        being written and taught about the Plains Indians. Bettelyoun's
        father was a white fur trader and her mother was a member of the
        Brulé Band of the Lakota Sioux of the northern plains. Bettelyoun
        was born and grew up in the vicinity of Laramie, Wyoming, at her
        father's trading post along the North Platte River. Her family was
        one of many mixed-blood families, the fathers of which were often
64        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        traders, trappers, or guides, who lived on or near reservations or
        in close contact with their Indian family bands. Bettelyoun wit-
        nessed the mass migration of white settlers crossing the plains, the
        escalation of hostile actions by the U.S. soldiers against Indian
        tribes, and the resistance of Indians against the invading emi-
        grants, soldiers, and traders. She recounts the epidemics of
        cholera, small pox, and measles that devastated Plains Indian
        tribes. Bettelyoun writes that no matter how far the individual
        bands would go into the mountains or even into Canada, they
        were unable to escape the diseases and often spread them as they
        traveled. Bettelyoun recalls the punishment of innocent Indians
        by U.S. military personnel and unprovoked attacks on Indians
        who were hunting or just passing through. Bettelyoun told her
        story to Josephine Waggoner, who was herself the daughter of a
        white father and an Indian mother from the Hunkpapa Band of
        Lakota Sioux. Waggoner, a generation younger than Bettelyoun,
        was a teacher and interpreter. She, too, was anxious to record as
        many of the stories and as much of the history of her people as
        possible. She and Bettelyoun negotiated with the Nebraska State
        Historical Society for years, literally until their deaths, in an
        attempt to publish their manuscript. Levine, the editor who has
        finally brought the manuscript to publication, writes that tradi-
        tionally publishers have wanted to verify facts and events and
        have been troubled by the nonchronological structure of most
        Indian narratives. Bettelyoun had good reason to distrust the
        "corrections" being made to her manuscript by white editors and
        historians. They sought to verify her narrative with military and
        government records, the very records that Bettelyoun had been
        hoping to correct. Levine writes that the scholarly and publishing
        climate has changed, and publishers are now willing to accept nar-
        ratives as they receive them. Thus, Bettelyoun's story is finally
        part of the published record.

64. Bibb, Henry. The Life and Adventures of Henry Bibb: An American
    Slave. Introduction by Charles J. Heglar. Wisconsin Studies in
    Autobiography. Madison, Wisconsin: University of Wisconsin
     Press, 2000.   237 pages.   ISBN: 0299168905 : 0299168948.
        Notes: Originally published New York: H. Bibb, 1849.
                              The Bibliography                                  65


65.   Birchfield, D. L. The Oklahoma Basic Intelligence Test: New and
      Collected Elementary, Epistolary, Autobiographical, and Oratorical
      Choctologies. Frank Waters Memorial Series, 2. New York, New
      York: Greenfield        Review    Press, 1998.        184 pages.       ISBN:
      0912678976.
         Abstract:     D. L. Birchfield is a member of the Choctaw Nation of
         Oklahoma, a writer, and a teacher of American Studies at Cornell
         University. In this collection of essays, he describes his personal
         background, explores subjects such as hunting with his brother,
         eulogizes his grandmother, examines his development as a writer,
         and discusses the general treatment of Native-American history in
         the United States. The title piece is a tongue-in-cheek quiz about
         facts as viewed by Oklahoma natives, and several other pieces
         include bits of humor from the quiz. Many of the essays are about
         inaccuracies in U.S. history as written by non-Natives. He asks
         writers to carefully research facts:
                     Consider this entry for "Choctaw Indians" from
                     the Basic   Everyday   Encyclopedia:     "After   the
                     Revolution, settlers poured into the Gulf area,
                     and in 1831-32, the C moved to a reservation on
                     the Red R in SE Oklahoma, where they set up a
                     US-style government.”   Sounds like they just
                     decided to pick up and go, doesn't it? And it
                     sounds like there was already a place called
                     Oklahoma and that the good people of that place
                     made room for the Choctaws by letting them
                     have a reservation in the southeastern part of it.
                     ... Such an entry ... has a point of view, in this
                     case to pretty up two events, one of which was
                     one of the most inhumane, genocidal, and mean-
                     spirited episodes in U.S. history, the forced
                     march of the Choctaws, from their ancestral
                     homeland east of the Mississippi River, ill-provi-
                     sioned and in the dead of winter, and the other
                     is to cover up the betrayal of the Choctaws by
                     the United States after their removal.        (p. 24)
        He suggests two sources that provide the necessary facts: And the
        Still Waters by Angie Debo and Chief Pushmataha American Patriot:
        The Story of the Choctaws’ Struggle for Survival by Choctaw histori-
        an Anna Lewis.
66         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



66.   Black, Leonard. The Life and Sufferings of Leonard Black: A
      Fugitive from Slavery. Chapel Hill, North Carolina: Academic
      Affairs Library, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill,
      2000.
         http://docsouth.unc.edu /neh/black/black.sgml
         http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu/neh/black/black.html
         Notes:   Documenting the American South (Project).
         Originally published New Bedford: B. Lindsey, 1847.

67.   Blackwell, Clester Lanier. Revival: Memories of the Backwoods.
      St. Louis, Missouri: Hardbound, 1999.       127 pages; photo-
      graphs. ISBN: none.
         Abstract:   Blackwell writes nostalgically of her childhood in a
         closely knit family in rural Western Tennessee in Gibson and
         Crockett Counties. Her family moved from farm to farm, working
         as tenant farmers or sharecroppers. Their many moves were
         always motivated by the hope of finding better land and better
         terms with a more generous land owner who would allow their
         children to stay in school. The family had very little, but Blackwell
         recalls the few good harvests that meant new clothes or a bicycle.
         Happy times were spent with family on Saturdays in town, at the
         various town fairs that came at cotton-picking time, and especial-
         ly at church revival events, when families would come from out of
         town, children played, and plenty of food was available. She
         writes that this was a time for community building and neighbor-
         ly love. Blackwell tells the story of her grandfather who, under
         threat of losing his farm during the Great Depression due to bank
         foreclosure, wrote to President Roosevelt to inform him of his sit-
         uation and ask for help. The family was astonished when
         Roosevelt responded and the bank extended her grandfather's
         loan. She also remembers the story of her father's brush with a
         lynching mob, his escape, and the attack by the mob at his family
         home. Education was important to Blackwell's parents, both of
         whom attended school to the eighth grade. Determined that their
         children would go to high school and college, the family celebrat-
         ed when two of the children finished elementary school and were
         ready to attend the boarding school in another town. As the
         preparations to attend were being made, however,          the family
         home, with all of their belongings, burnt to the ground. Blackwell
         recalls that the family got into their car, drove to the next town,
         and started over.
                              The Bibliography                                    67


68.   Blakey, Durocher Lon (1909- ). Sharing Divine Life: The Story of
      My Life & My Teaching Ministry in Zion Methodism. [United
      States]: A T. Odukoya, 1997.           139 pages; photographs.           ISBN:
      1575025515.
         Notes:       Also published Kearney, Nebraska: Morris Publishing,
         1997. ISBN: 1575025515.
         Abstract: Durocher Blakey writes that he received the call to the
         ministry three times. The first time when he was nine years old
         and began to question the meaning of his Sunday school lessons.
         The second time he was sixteen, and had a vision of himself as a
         minister.     At the time, however, he could not quit work to attend
         school, and continued to set the call aside. At the age of thirty-one,
         Blakey received his third call, and finally decided to study for the
         ministry. Between 1944 and 1947, he attended Livingstone College
         and Johnson C. Smith University, both in North Carolina. He later
         attended Hood Theological Seminary, and was the first African
         American to graduate from this predominantly white institution.
         Besides his ministerial degree, Blakey received training in pastoral
         care   and    counseling,   attended   Duke     Divinity   School,   Queens
         College for business and accounting and culminated his education
         with a doctorate from Chicago Theological Seminary in 1982.
         Between the years 1943 and 1995, Blakey was affiliated with
         churches      in Alabama,   North   Carolina,    Georgia, Arkansas,     and
         Michigan. In this book, he discusses his understanding of his
         vocation within the African Methodist Episcopal Zion church; his
         convictions and warrants of faith. He also discusses church gov-
         ernance, A.M.E. Zion doctrine, pluralism in beliefs and worship
         practices, and various kinds of stewardship.

69.   Blockson, Charles L. Damn Rare: The Memoirs of an African-
      American Bibliophile. Edited by Barbara Hope.       Tracy,
      California: Quantum Leap Publisher, Inc., 1998. 334 pages;
      photographs; index. ISBN: 1892697009.
        Abstract: Charles Blockson is world-renowned as a bibliophile
        and African-American historian. Ever since his fourth grade
        teacher declared that "Negroes have no history," he has searched
        the world over for artifacts, books, and people who could tell him
        more about the history of black Americans.         A graduate of
        Pennsylvania State University, Blockson was a talented athlete as
        a young man, playing football and throwing the discus. His love,
        however, has always been collecting books. While serving in the
        military during the Korean War, he collected books on his leaves.
68         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        After leaving the service, Blockson traveled the world, spending
         time in used bookstores in Europe, Asia, the Caribbean islands,
         and in Africa. The story of his life is interspersed with the history
         of blacks, as he tells how he researched through hundreds of years
         of history looking for his ancestors. This study led him to write
         Black Genealogy (1977, 1991), which is an important reference work
         for blacks putting together their family trees. Blockson also
         received accolades for an article he wrote for the National
         Geographic Magazine in 1984, "Escape From Slavery—The
         Underground Railroad." Some of the books he has written are,
         Pennsylvania Black History (1975, updated in 1994), The
         Underground Railroad in Pennsylvania (1981), The Underground
         Railroad: First-Person Narratives of Escape to Freedom in the North
         (1987), and Hippocrene Guide to the Underground Railroad (1994).
         While doing his research, Blockson was often invited to other
         countries to give lectures, and during these travels, he assembled
         a collection of twenty thousand items related to African-American
         history. He decided that he would donate the collection to Temple
         University in Philadelphia, located in the heart of the black com-
         munity. Temple accepted his conditions that he serve as the cura-
         tor of the collection, acknowledged to be the largest private col-
         lection related to black culture ever assembled, and that he have a
         budget for aquiring additional items. The book includes informa-
         tion on the work of black authors, poets, and historians, as well as
         past and present black bibliophiles.

70.   Blue, Tabitha Lewis.     A Walk Back in Time.       Edited by Hsanni
      Wade.    Dayton, Ohio: Mrs. T's Enterprises, 1996.            81 pages;
      photographs. ISBN: 0965536904.
         Abstract: Tabitha Blue was raised at Peacock Farm in Bladenboro,
         North Carolina. Her family moved to Baltimore for a time and
         lived with an aunt and five cousins. They eventually returned to
         the farm in North Carolina.    She writes that "no movies, drive-in
         theaters, bowling alleys, or nice eating establishments [were]
         available for blacks until the late '50s and early '60s" (p. 25). Blue
         recalls going downtown with her friends for fast food, but refus-
         ing to eat at establishments where she was forced to buy her food
         through a window.       Her family enjoyed vacations at Atlanta
         Beach, where, although the beach was segregated, the black sec-
         tion had black-owned establishments, making it a comfortable
         and relaxed atmosphere for the family. Blue moved to Trenton,
         New Jersey, at the age of nineteen, but what seemed like a positive
         opportunity turned into a nightmare. She was threatened sexual-
         ly by her cousin and later raped by two of his acquaintances. Blue
                            The Bibliography                                69


         became pregnant and subsequently suicidal.         Through the sup-
         portive influence of her mother and aunt, however, she recovered
         from her emotional trauma and gave birth to a healthy baby boy.
         Blue married her childhood sweetheart who left for Vietnam
         shortly following their honeymoon. He returned from the war
         wounded. He did recover and the family began to enjoy financial
         success. When it was clear, however, that her husband was addict-
         ed to drugs, Blue decided to separate, although her hope is to
         repair the damage and someday reunite.

7A:   Boen, William.   Anecdotes and Memoirs of William Boen, a
      Coloured Man, Who Lived and Died near Mount Holly, New Jersey:
      To Which Is Added, the Testimony of Friends of Mount Holly
      Monthly Meeting Concerning Him. Chapel Hill, North Carolina:
      Academic Affairs Library, University of North Carolina at
      Chapel Hill, 2000.
         http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu/neh/boen/boen.sgml
         http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu/neh/boen/boen.html
         Notes:    Documenting the American South (Project).

hee   Boggs, Grace Lee.      Living for Change: An Autobiography.
      Foreword by Ossie Davis. Minneapolis, Minnesota: University
      of Minnesota Press, 1998. 301 pages; photographs.     ISBN:
      0816629544 : 0816629552.
         Abstract: Activist Grace Lee Boggs grew up in New York City, the
         daughter of Chinese immigrants. She graduated from Barnard
         College in 1935 and earned her Ph.D. in philosophy from Bryn
        Mawr in 1940. After graduate school, she went straight into polit-
        ical activism, getting involved in a Chicago tenant's organization,
        the Socialist Workers Party, and the budding Civil Rights
        Movement. She worked closely with C. L. R. James until their ide-
        ological split in 1962. In 1951, Boggs, with her brother and broth-
        er-in-law, began publishing the newspaper Correspondence for their
        split-off branch of the Socialist Workers Party. Boggs had broken
        with the main party over a number of issues, including whether or
        not to go underground during the McCarthy-era Communist
        purges. Boggs and her group chose not to go underground, but to
        continue     to openly   organize   rank-and-file   workers,   blacks,
        women, and youth—the four groups that they identified as the
        "revolutionary social forces" (p. 67). Grace Lee Boggs met the
        African-American union and socialist activist Jimmy Boggs in
        1952. They married and worked together on Correspondence and
70         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


         were involved in many causes until 1968, when they slowly
         moved out of frontline leadership positions as the political climate
         changed. They were responsible for organizing many groups,
         including the National Organization for American Revolution and
         the Asian Political Alliance. They were central to the development
         of the Detroit Summer in 1992, which was a move to revitalize the
         city. The James and Grace Lee Boggs Community Foundation and
         the James and Grace Lee Boggs Center to Nurture Community
         Leadership provides funding and training to develop community
         leadership. Jimmy Boggs died in 1992, and Grace Lee Boggs, in her
         eighties, has continued to act as a resource person and networker
         for activist causes. She writes, "I am glad that I am still around not
         only as a participant but as a griot to pass on the story of how we
         got to this place—because, to paraphrase Kierkegaard, if the
         future is to be lived, the past must be understood" (p. 272).

73.   Boggs, James. See Boggs, Grace Lee.

74.   Bond, Horace Mann and Julia W. Bond.            The Star Creek Papers.
      Edited by Adam Fairclough.        Foreword by Julian Bond.
      Athens, Georgia: University of Georgia Press, 1997. 160 pages;
      photographs; index. ISBN: 082031904X.
         Abstract:   Horace Mann Bond, father of Civil Rights activist and
         politician Julian Bond, was a scholar and writer who did the bulk
         of his work in the 1930s. This book contains three of his works,
         "Portrait of Washington Parish," "Star Creek Diary," and "Forty
         Acres and a Mule,” as well as an account by his wife, Julia Bond,
         of a lynching which figures largely in each of the other pieces.
         Adam Fairclough, who did the research behind and editing of this
         work wrote an introduction and epilogue which gives historical
         background on the work of the Bonds. Horace and Julia Bond
         moved to Star Creek District in Washington Parish in southeast
         Louisiana. Their job was to visit the Rosenwald Schools, schools
         which were built and operated partially by funds provided by a
         white philanthropist of the same name. The Bonds discovered
         that an entire black community was involved in additional
         fundraising for and maintenance of each school and noted that the
         school, and not the churches, was the center of the community. In
         his diary, Bond describes life in Star Creek and nearby towns. He
         describes how black community leaders calculated how much
         white backing they could get for their schools and how they
         refused to kowtow to whites, maintaining their dignity as they
         made their requests. Another subject Bond treats is the racial
                           The Bibliography                                Al



         make-up of the area. He found white and black families with the
         same last names and learned that they were all related. He first
         assumed that the links went back to the days of slavery, but was
         told that the intermingling still continued in a fairly open way,
         with many black landowners getting their property with the assis-
         tance of white relatives. "Portrait of Washington Parish" tells the
         story of a lynching and also describes the black and white com-
         munities that serve as background to it. Two brothers, John and
         Jerome Wilson, were involved in a minor argument over a mule
         that led to the shooting death of a sheriff's deputy. John was mor-
         tally wounded, and Jerome was tried by a white jury, found guilty
         of shooting the deputy, and subsequently lynched. This lynching
         left the local blacks in fear for their lives and livelihood. The
         Bonds were encouraged to leave Washington Parish for their own
         safety, which they did. "Forty Acres and a Mule" was written after
         the lynching with the idea that any royalties from it could be given
         to the Wilson family. In the piece, Bond gives the history of black
         farmers after the end of slavery, using the history of three genera-
         tions of the Wilsons and Magees of Washington Parish as its basis,
         and culminating with the story of the lynching. "Forty Acres and
         a Mule" was never published because the Wilson family left
         Louisiana and moved to Chicago, and Bond abandoned the proj-
         ect. Horace Mann Bond died in 1974, but sixty years after he first
         wrote the piece, it was published as a result of Adam Fairclough's
         extensive research with the cooperation of Julia Bond.

75.   Bowens, Richmond (1908- ). Will-o’-the-Wisp: Mr. Bowens’ Days
      along the Ashley.   As told to Thelma Hughes Gillam.           Mount
      Pleasant, South Carolina: Marsh Wind Press, 1995.           58 pages.
      ISBN: 1575020548.
        Abstract: Richmond Bowens's family came from Barbados in the
        early eighteenth century with the Drayton family. Drayton Hall
        was built in 1732, and Bowens's family has been associated with it
        ever since. His great grandfather was born into slavery and
        stayed at the plantation after emancipation.       Bowens's father
        preached, worked in the phosphate mines, and cut hair. Bowens,
        born in 1908, worked at Drayton Hall until leaving for Chicago
        during the Great Depression. He missed his Southern home and
        wondered at all of the people who left everything behind to make
        a go of it in the North. Bowens himself stayed in Chicago for thir-
        ty years. In 1977, he returned to South Carolina and Drayton Hall,
        where he worked as a gatekeeper and historic interpreter at the
        plantation.
72         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



76.   Bowley, Freeman S. (b. 1846).        A Boy Lieutenant: Memoirs of
      Freeman S. Bowley, 30th United States Colored Troops Officer.
      Edited by Pia Seija Seagrave. Introduction by Ronald Roy
      Seagrave.   Fredericksburg, Virginia: Sergeant Kirkland's
      Museum and Historical Society, 1997. 124 pages; illustrations,
      maps. ISBN: 1887901019.
         Notes: Originally published Philadelphia: H. Altemus Company,
         1906.

1     Boyd, Robert D.      The Power of the Mind: An Autobiography.
      Detroit, Michigan: Harlo, 1997. 111 pages; photographs. ISBN:
      0818703105.

78.   Boza, Maria del Carmen.      Scattering the Ashes. Tempe, Arizona:
      Bilingual Review /Press, 1998. 387 pages; photographs. ISBN:
      0927534754.
         Abstract: Maria del Carmen Boza, who was born in Cuba and
         came to Miami, Florida, with her family at about the age of ten,
         writes primarily of the suicide of her father and its aftermath.
         Boza's father, Ramiro Boza, was a well-respected elder statesman
         of the Cuban exiles in Miami. He committed suicide on May 19,
         1989, the same date as the death of Jose Marti, a journalist and poet
         who founded the Partido Revolucionario Cubano and inspired the
         last Cuban War of Independence. Speaking from the point of view
         of the Cuban exiles, she explains how having to live as an exile
         and his treatment by the U.S. government gradually drove her
         father mad. As background for her father's act and the story of
         how her family came to be in the United States, Boza reviews the
         history of the Communist takeover of Cuba and the subsequent
         interaction between the U.S. government, the CIA, and the Cuban
         exiles. Boza discusses how the CIA and then-President John
         Kennedy used anti-Castro forces to invade Cuba at the Bay of Pigs
         in 1961.   The CIA orchestrated the entire affair, sending several
         thousand Cubans to death or imprisonment in antiquated, shabby
         ships and airplanes under the promise of protection by U.S. forces
         that never arrived and were never meant to arrive. The next
         betrayal by Kennedy came during the Cuban Missile Crisis in
         1962. The exiles wanted the United States to use the Soviet mis-
         siles based in Cuba as an excuse to invade the island and depose
         Castro. On this one point, however, Boza looks back and decides
         to differ from her father. Although Kennedy's promise never to
         invade Cuba crushed the last hopes of exiles for a return to their
                            The Bibliography                               73


         homeland, Boza decides that such an invasion would have meant
         the annihilation of the island and perhaps the entire Northern
         Hemisphere.

79.   Bragg, Janet Harmon (1907-1993). Soaring above Setbacks: The
      Autobiography of Janet Harmon Bragg, African American Aviator.
      As told to Marjorie M. Kriz. Foreword by Johnetta B. Cole.
      Smithsonian History of Aviation Series. Washington, D.C.:
      Smithsonian Institution Press, 1996. 120 pages; photographs;
      index. ISBN: 1560984589.
         Notes:    Paperback    published   Washington,   D.C.: Smithsonian
         Institution Press, 1997.   ISBN: 1560987553.

         Abstract: Aviator Janet Harmon Bragg was born and raised in
         Griffin, Georgia, in a family of seven children. She credits her
         father's motto as the driving force behind all of her accomplish-
         ments: "He always said, 'If Jack can do it, so can Jill." That meant
         there was no time wasted, that I was part of a family that cared,
        and that I could do whatever I set my sights on" (p. 2). Bragg
        trained at Spelman College to be a nurse, one of the few profes-
        sions open to women at the time. While working in Chicago as a
        nurse for an insurance company, she noticed a billboard advertis-
        ing an aviation school and soon began attending a class open to
        blacks. She discusses her teachers, training, and the camaraderie
        between instructors and students. Together, they formed the
        Challenger Aero Club, which became the Challenger Air Pilots'
        Association, and built their own airport in an all-black communi-
        ty south of Chicago. Bragg bought an airplane, the first for the air-
        port.     Disappointed when, in 1939, the U.S. government
        announced that the new Civilian Pilot Training Program (CPTP)
        would be open only to whites, she and her group formed the
        National Airmen's Association of America "to further stimulate
        interest in aviation and to bring a better understanding in the
        entire field of aeronautics" (p. 36). They put all of their financial
        assets into their efforts to promote flying by blacks and eventual-
        ly convinced President Roosevelt to open the CTPT to all citizens,
        although on a limited basis.     In 1943, after many setbacks due to
        racial discrimination, Bragg became the first African-American
        woman in the United States to receive her commercial pilots’
        license after training at the CPTP at the Tuskegee Institute. Flying,
        however, remained an avocation. Bragg was a nurse during her
        entire working career, and she and her second husband, Sumner
        Bragg, eventually opened and operated several nursing homes in
        Chicago.   One of her flying instructors, John Robinson, went to
74        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        Ethiopia after World War II at the invitation of Emperor Haile
        Selassie. When Robinson met students there bound for college in
        the United States, he had them look up Bragg upon their arrival.
        Thus began her career as a second mother to many African stu-
        dents in the United States. In 1970, historians began studying the
        first black aviators.   In 1982, the National Air and Space Museum
        opened a traveling exhibit entitled "Black Wings: The American
        Black in Aviation." Bragg was involved in many of the events sur-
        rounding the exhibit, and subsequently received many awards
        and honors for her role in the field.

80. Brent, William Lee. Long Time Gone: A Black Panther’s True-Life
     Story of His Hijacking and Twenty-Five Years in Cuba. New York,
     New York: Times Books, 1996. 276 pages; photographs. ISBN:
     081292486x.
        Notes: Also published San Jose: toExcel, 2000. ISBN: 0595002889.
        Abstract: William Lee Brent was born in Louisiana in 1930 and
        spent most of his youth in Oakland, California. After a brief stint
        in the U.S. Army, he sold drugs, stole cars, and broke into houses,
        and consequently served two jail terms. When Brent got out of
        prison, he became interested in the Black Panthers, which origi-
        nated in Oakland in the 1960s, and became a member in 1967.
        Brent worked in security patrols at public gatherings, conducted
        classes, and did anything else he was asked to do. He writes about
        leaders Huey Newton, Eldridge Cleaver, Bobby Seale, and Bobby
        Hutton. In time, he became discouraged with the group because
        of the inside struggles and the duplicity of the leadership. In
        November 1968, Brent was involved in a Panther-police shootout
        in San Francisco and was publicly disclaimed by his colleagues.
        Knowing he would end up back in jail, Brent, with the encourage-
        ment of his remaining friends, decided to hijack an airliner to
        Cuba. In June 1969, he managed an uneventful hijacking and
        landed at Jose Marti Airport in Havana. He was immediately
        taken into custody and spent almost two years in a Cuban jail cell.
        Upon release, he was sent to live in a house of non-Cubans, many
        of whom had hijacked their way to the island. Brent found work
        in a factory. He later entered the University of Havana and grad-
        uated in 1981 with a bachelor's degree in Hispanic languages.
        With this degree he was able to teach English in the public school
        system. Brent still lives in Cuba. He has witnessed changes in
        government policy that he sees as detrimental to the revolution
        and against the best interests of the people there. He is anxious
        about what changes will mean for him, an exile who is unable and
        unwilling to return to his own country.
                             The Bibliography                                 75


81.   Brewer Family. See Benton, Corrine.

82.   Bridges, Ruby. Through My Eyes. Articles and interviews com-
      piled by Margo Lundell. New York, New York: Scholastic
      Books, 1999. 63 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0590189239.
        Notes: Also published New York: Scholastic Books, 2000. ISBN:
        0590546309; New York: Scholastic Books, 2001.       ISBN: 0439362210.
        Abstract: Ruby Bridges tells the story of the year she was the first
        black student to attend the all-white William Frantz School in New
        Orleans.     In 1960, Bridges was one of four children chosen from
        the kindergartens in New Orleans to start the court-ordered school
        desegregation.    Three of the girls would attend McDonogh
        Elementary School, and Bridges alone would attend William
        Frantz. On the first day of school, segregationists formed a mob
        around the school, and Bridges and her mother were escorted by
        four U.S. marshals to the entrance. Bridges was the only child in
        the school on that first day. She and her mother spent the entire
        day in the principal's office. The next day she was taken to her
        classroom and introduced to Mrs. Henry, a teacher from Boston.
        Bridges was the only child in the class. U.S. marshals remained
        posted outside her classroom door and even escorted her to the
        bathroom. Other first graders, when they eventually came to
        school,    were   taken   to other classrooms.   Bridges   wasn't   even
        allowed to eat in the cafeteria with them. Seeing nobody else dur-
        ing the school day, Bridges became very attached to Mrs. Henry.
        She imitated her speech patterns, which were not southern, and
        her mannerisms.      Because Bridges was involved with school
        desegregation, her father lost his job. The family's house was
        guarded at all times by the neighborhood patrol. White families
        who attempted to take their children to school were also victims of
        violence. One family gave up and left New Orleans and the South
        altogether.   Throughout this difficult time, Bridges's family
        received letters of support, money, and gifts from around the
        country and from overseas. She remembers that her mother was
        especially pleased with the letter they received from Eleanor
        Roosevelt. The following year, Mrs. Henry was gone, and Bridges
        attended second grade with the white children. The protection
        from federal officials, and support from NAACP representatives
        and others also disappeared. She recalls thinking that the teacher
        was mean to her and made fun of her adopted northern accent,
        and she felt that she was on her own trying to make sense of what
        was happening to her.        Dr. Robert Coles, who met with her and
        other children who were actively involved in desegregation, wrote
76         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         a children's book about Bridges that was published in 1995.
         Bridges founded the Ruby Bridges Foundation, which put profits
         from the book into programs at the William Frantz School, which
         ironically had become a poor, inner-city school attended primari-
         ly by black students. Through the publication of the book she was
         reunited with her first grade teacher, Mrs. Henry. Bridges makes
         frequent public appearances     and has received     two honorary
         degrees.

83.   Brookins, Naomi A. Naomi’s Story: You Don’t Have to Be Broken.
      Baltimore, Maryland: American Literary Press, 1997. 55 pages.
      ISBN: 1561673595.
         Abstract: Brookins grew up in what she calls an upside down
         world. The family farmed under a sharecropping arrangement
         and her father gave away to others what little money they made.
         Brookins's family lived on cornmeal mush and cornbread made,
         according to their father's restrictions, without eggs or lard. Once
         a year, Mr. Brookins held a big celebration for the community. He
         raised funds to send someone from the family church to the local
         high school, but he would not allow his children to attend school,
         nor did he provide money for them to buy clothes or shoes.
         Brookins concluded that her father hated her mother and his chil-
         dren. When she was eleven, her grandmother explained to her
         that at the age of seventeen, her father had witnessed the murder
         of his father, Rev. Milligan Newsome, by a group of white men.
         The white men resented the Newsome family's prosperity and had
         been pressuring Rev. Newsome to give up most of his property; he
         owned a sizeable amount of land and supported a church and a
         school. Newsome refused to sell off his land and advised others
         in the community to do the same. After he was murdered, all of
         the land was taken from his survivors. Brookins's father's reaction
         to this horrific experience was to refuse ever to own land and to
         forbid his children either an education or a career. Brookins, how-
         ever, was determined to finish school and to teach. She left home
         to do so and paid her way through high school and college. She
         married after earning her B.S. degree in education. Fifteen years
         later, after raising four children, she returned to school, earning a
         teaching certificate and two masters degrees. She taught for twen-
         ty-five years, becoming "a positive force in an upside down world"
         (p55).
                           The Bibliography                                77


84.   Brown, Eric B. God Ordained My Steps. Chicago, Illinois: Pulpit
      Ministry, 1997. 50 pages. ISBN: 0965831507.

85.   Brown, James. James Brown: The Godfather of Soul. Written with
      Bruce Tucker.     Introduction by Dave Marsh.       New York, New
      York: MacMillan, 1986. 336 pages; photographs; discography.
      ISBN: 0025174304.
         Notes:   Also published New York: Thunders Mouth Press, 1990.
         ISBN: 0938410970; New York: Thunders Mouth Press, 1997. ISBN:
         1560251158 (352 pages).

         Abstract: James Brown's mother abandoned him when he was
         just four years old, and his father abandoned him a few years later,
         leaving him with his aunts in Augusta, Georgia. Brown grew up
         without playmates, living with his aunts in a house of gambling,
         drinking, and prostitution. As a teenager he became involved in
         crime, committing a steady stream of burglaries. He was arrested
         when he was sixteen and sentenced to eight-to-sixteen years at the
         Georgia Juvenile Training Institute. Finally ready to turn himself
         around, Brown boxed, played baseball, played piano, and formed
         a gospel quartet while in prison. His hope was to become a gospel
         singer after he was released.   After three years, he was   offered
        release on parole if he was able to find a job. That accomplished,
        Brown moved to Toccoa, Georgia. He sought out musical oppor-
        tunities and formed The Flames, a singing group. They later
        changed their name to the Famous Flames and began touring and
        recording. Brown describes the ups and downs of the group
        through 1957, when their recording company, Universal, decided
        that the band should change its name to James Brown and the
        Famous Flames. The rest of the group quit, and Brown was on the
        road touring alone. He continued to record and formed a new
        group of Flames. Brown moved out of the South as soon as he
        began earning money. He had a successful series of concerts at the
        Apollo Theater in New York, where he recorded his pioneering
        album, Live at the Apollo. Brown became involved in politics, lent
        his reputation to the Civil Rights Movement, performed for troops
        on active duty in Vietnam, and sponsored the "Don't Drop-Out"
        campaign. After difficulties with the IRS, contract woes with
        record companies, and controversies sparked by his endorsement
        of Richard Nixon and his songs "America is My Home" and "Black
        and Proud," Brown made a successful comeback with appearances
        in the movies The Blues Brothers and Rocky IV. In 1986 he was
        among the first musicians to be inducted into the Rock and Roll
        Hall of Fame.
78        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



86.   Brown, James R. (1918- ). My Journey through Life. New York,
      New York: Vantage Press, 2000. 258 pages; photographs.
      ISBN: 0533131340.
        Abstract:   James R. Brown is a retired military man and a recov-
        ered alcoholic. His mother died when he was five years old, and
        he was left in the care of his grandfather, who, soon after Brown's
        arrival, gave up farming to work on the railroads. James then
        went to live with an aunt, but was never accepted as one of the
        family. He never got enough food, was not given a bed to sleep in,
        and was beaten severely without provocation. He left for good at
        the age of sixteen and was fortunate to be taken in by another fam-
        ily who took good care of him. Brown worked at a variety of posi-
        tions, but alcohol abuse made it difficult for him to keep a job or
        to stay in one place for any length of time. He tells of work,
        liaisons with a number of women, and homelessness. He was
        saved from a nearly vagrant lifestyle in Cincinnati when he was
        drafted into the army in 1942. Brown was sent to North Africa and
        Europe, where his undisciplined behavior got him into a variety of
        scrapes, one of which resulted in a court marshal and four months
        in the stockade.   After his release, Brown found that he had been
        separated from his unit. He spent several weeks taking trains to
        various locations, before finally being sent home on his own. He
        reenlisted for another three years and was sent to Germany.
        Brown returned to Cincinnati following his discharge and soon
        connected with a young woman whom he married. His marriage
         quickly deteriorated, but having been abandoned by his own
         father, Brown was determined to stay with his wife and be a father
         to their child. The couple eventually had four children, and
         despite marital ups and downs, they remained together. Brown
         studied to get a license to work with high pressure boilers and
         eventually became the chief engineer at Longview State Hospital.
         His road to success was not smooth, however, because of contin-
         ued problems with alcohol. Brown feels that although he was
         given many chances in iife, he regrets his lack of a formal educa-
         tion. He was a self-taught man, taking many opportunities while
         in the military to study and read. "I... learned that if you read a
         lot you can teach yourself a lot about everything and people in
         general. ... I educated myself" (p. 243). Brown is proud of his
         children and has been pleased to be responsible for caring for his
         grandchildren and great grandchildren. After a lifetime struggle
         with alcohol, he was able to give it up totally at the age of sixty-
         seven.
                           The Bibliography                                 79


87.   Brown, Ruth. Miss Rhythm: The Autobiography of Ruth Brown.
      Rhythm and Blues Legend. Written with Andrew Yule. New
      York: D. I. Fine Books, 1996. 360 pages; photographs; index;
      discography. ISBN: 1556114869.
         Notes: Also published New York: Da Capo Press, 1999.           ISBN:
         0306808889.
         Abstract: Ruth Brown was one of the most popular rhythm and
         blues singers in the 1950s. She got her start as a singer for a band,
         and was discovered by Blanche Calloway, sister of the legendary
         Cab Calloway, who then introduced her to Atlantic Records, a
         recording company that was just getting started. She writes about
         the life of black singers during the late 1940s and 1950s. Along
         with the records they made, singers had to take tours into the
         Deep South in order to make a living. They were often harassed
         by the local police and arrested and frequently had their cars con-
         fiscated. Even when they managed to arrive for a performance,
         they often ended up having to sing from the back of trucks for
         their poor black audiences. Another problem was the common
         practice of "covering." A black singer would rise to the top of the
         rhythm and blues charts with a song that would then be "covered"
         (that is, recorded) by a white singer, who would then make sub-
         stantial money off of it, taking it to the top of mainstream charts.
        Atlantic Records used Ruth Brown and her wildly popular records
        for all of its advertising, but when it came to paying royalties, she
        and other singers were always informed that they were still in
        debt for recording-studio charges, and they never received more
        than a few hundred dollars in advances. Because of the lack of
        income and the effects of several unsuccessful and abusive mar-
        riages, Brown found herself almost indigent.      She took jobs driv-
        ing school buses and working as a teacher's aid to provide a living
        for herself and her son.   Because she had so many fans, however,
        she managed to stage several comebacks. She played the role of
        Motormouth Maybelle in the film Hairspray, won a Tony award for
        her role in the Broadway production Black and Blue, and was
        inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. For twenty years,
        in the 1970s and 1980s, Brown fought to get royalties she felt were
        owed her by Atlantic Records.     In 1983, she met Howell Begle, an
        attorney and long-time fan who was flabbergasted to learn that
        her total record earnings over the years had come to $785 and that
        Atlantic claimed she still owed them money. The two spent the
        next six years relentlessly chipping away at the record company.
        In 1989, Atlantic paid Brown and seven other artists a total of
        $250,000 and promised to start audits on behalf of twenty-eight
80           Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



           others. Brown received $30,000 of this and now is paid royalties
           that accumulate each year. She and Begle also got Atlantic to pay
           $1.5 million into the Rhythm and Blues Foundation, a fund that
           the two set up to honor and compensate other singers who have
           never been paid for a lifetime of work.

88.   Brown, William Wells (1815-1884).              The American Fugitive in
      Europe. Sketches of Places and People Abroad. Chapel Hill, North
      Carolina:     Academic      Affairs   Library, University        of North
      Carolina at Chapel Hill, 2000.
           http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu/neh/brown55/brown55.sgml
           http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu/neh/brown55/brown55.html
           Notes:   Documenting the American South (Project).
           This is an enlarged American edition of the British edition pub-
           lished under the title: Three Years in Europe, or Places I Have Seen and
           People I Have Met.
           Orginally published Boston: J. P. Jewett, 1855 (320 pages).

89.   —.    Three Years in Europe, or, Places I Have Seen and People I Have
      Met. Chapel Hill, North Carolina: Academic Affairs Library,
      University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, 2000.
           http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu/neh/brown52/brown52.sgml
           http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu/neh/brown52/brown52.html
           Notes: Documenting the American South (Project).

90.   Browne, Martha Griffith. Autobiography of a Female Slave.
      Banner Books.  Jackson, Mississippi: University Press of
      Mississippi, 1998. 418 pages. ISBN: 157806046X : 1578060478.
           http: / /metalab.unc.edu /docsouth/browne/browne.sgml
           http: / /metalab.unc.edu/docsouth/browne/browne.html
           Notes:    Originally published New York: Redfield, 1857 (407
           pages).    Also available electronically from Academic Affairs
           Library, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill. Documenting
           the South (Project).
                              The Bibliography                                81


FA:   Bruce, Henry Clay (1836-1902). The New Man: Twenty-Nine
      Years a Slave, Twenty-Nine Years a Free Man: Recollections of H. C.
      Bruce. Introduction by Willard B. Gatewood. Blacks in the
      American West.          Lincoln, Nebraska: University of Nebraska
      Press, 1996.    176 pages; illustrations.     ISBN: 0803261322.
         Notes: Originally published York, Pennsylvania: P. Anstadt, 1895.

OZ.   Bryant, Thelma Harper. The Memoirs of the Harper Family, 1865-
      1995.   New York, New York: Vantage Press, 1997.                163 pages;
      photographs. ISBN: 0533119669.

ees   Bullock,     Clarence   C.   Bullock,   the Artist.   London:    Minerva
      Press, 1998.      58 pages; photographs; reproductions.             ISBN:
      0754102866.
         Notes:     Originally published as Bullock: The Autobiography of an
         Artist.   New York: Vantage Press, 1984.

94.   Bulosan, Carlos.        On Becoming Filipino: Selected Writings of
      Carlos Bulosan.    Edited with an introduction by E. San Juan, Jr.
      Philadelphia, Pennsylvania: Temple University Press, 1995.
      221 pages; photographs. ISBN: 1566393094 : 1566393108.
         Abstract: Editor San Juan, a Bulosan scholar, has put together a
         collection of short stories, poetry, essays and a brief autobiograph-
         ical essay by the writer. San Juan's introduction provides histori-
         cal context for Bulosan’s life and writings. He has also included a
         list of works by Bulosan and a bibliography of criticism and com-
         mentary.    Carlos Bulosan, 1911-1956, lived with his father in the
         remote mountain village of Mangusmana, part of the town of
         Binalonan in the province of Pangasinan. His father fed a family
         of nine by farming one hectare of land, and his mother sold salted
         fish in the markets. She lived in Binalonan with Bulosan's four
         brothers and two sisters.     Bulosan attended school sporadically,
         and only went to three semesters of high school, but before leav-
         ing for the United States in 1930, he had absorbed the lore and leg-
         ends of his homeland from local elders and storytellers. Once in
         the United States, he writes, "I lived violent years of unemploy-
         ment, prolonged illnesses, and heart-rending labor union work on
         the farms of California" (p. 16). He refused to be disillusioned by
         his experiences and believed in the fabled promises of hope and
         equal opportunity in the United States. Bulosan spent two years
         in the Los Angeles County Hospital suffering from tuberculosis.
82         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


         He read voraciously the whole time and formulated his "grand
         dream for a better society." It took him five years following his
         release from the hospital to begin writing and then he was unstop-
         pable. He wrote about his
                  grand dream of equality among men and free-
                  dom for all. To give literate voice to the voiceless
                  one hundred thousand Filipinos in the United
                  States, Hawaii, and Alaska.     Above all and ulti-
                  mately, to translate the desires and aspirations of
                  the whole Filipino people in the Philippines and
                  abroad in terms relevant to contemporary
                  history.                                     (p. 216)
         Bulosan read Whitman, Dreiser, Faulkner, Hemingway, and many
         other American writers, analyzing their point of view and their
         representations of America. He learned from these readings that
         he should write from his own experience and his own knowledge
         of Filipino history, culture, and lore. He felt that "the duty of the
         [expatriate] artist is to trace the origins of the disease that was fes-
         tering American life" (p. 26). Bulosan's writings were published in
         Harper's, The New Yorker, The Saturday Evening Post as well as other
         magazines in the U.S. and abroad. His novels, poetry, and essays
         were published by Harcourt, Brace & Company, Coward-McCann,
         and others. His full length autobiography, America Is in the Heart,
         was published in 1946 by Harcourt, Brace and Company. It was
         reprinted in 1973 by the University of Washington Press.

95.   Burkes, Major Lee.      In the Shadow of Austin.      Austin, Texas: L.
      Star Publishing, 2000. 225 pages; photographs. ISBN: none.

96.   Burton, Thomas William (b. 1860). What Experience Has Taught
      Me: An Autobiography of Thomas William Burton.              Chapel Hill,
      North Carolina: Academic Affairs Library, University of North
      Carolina at Chapel Hill, 1998.
         http:/ /metalab.unc.edu /docsouth/burtont/burton.sgml
         http:/ /metalab.unc.edu /docsouth/burtont/burton. html.
         Notes:   Documenting the American South (Project).
         Originally published Cincinnati: Press of Jennings Graham, 1910
         (126 pages).
                           The Bibliography                                 83


97.   Burton, Wiley M. Divided We Stand. San Bernadino, California:
      Brown's Publishing Company, 1996. 234 pages; photographs.
      ISBN: 0962594431.
         Abstract: Wiley Burton considers important elements of his life
         and discusses racism and the importance of language in promot-
         ing racist attitudes. He provides detailed historical and statistical
         evidence of wrongful thinking, misguided policies, and racist
         events. Burton grew up in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, but family
         gatherings took place in Virginia at the farm of his grandparents.
         It was on visits to Virginia that Burton experienced the worst dis-
         plays of racism. At the age of twelve, he was returning to
         Pittsburgh with his father and uncle when they drove past two
         African-American men who had been hung and stripped naked
         near the roadside. On another visit, he witnessed the tar-and-
         feathering of an African-American male at a county fair. Burton,
         whose grandparents were both African American and Native
         American, is extremely light skinned. On various occasions, he
         has taken the opportunity to experience the world from both sides
        of the color line. As an adult, Burton took a trip to observe and lis-
        ten to white people as a white person. He was shocked by the
        intensity of the racist attitudes he heard and the blindly hypocrit-
        ical behavior he observed. Burton notes that many white people
        are perplexed with the changes in terminology used by African
        Americans to refer to themselves. "A name is important to all con-
        cerned. Whatever we call a people, a race, is a great influence to
        their perception of the world, their perception of each other, and
        other's perceptions of them" (pp. 23-24). Burton includes exam-
        ples of graphic material used over the centuries to present
        demeaning images of African Americans. He has also collected
        written material—both popular and scholarly in nature—that
        gives a similarly insulting representation of African Americans.
                 If all that was taught about a "race" of people
                 was projected improperly for generations, it's no
                 wonder that it's going to be a difficult task to
                 eliminate "racism." I don't even like to use the
                 words "race" and "racism," they make it sound
                 competitive, this "race" against that "race."
                                                              (p. 24)
        Burton also discusses the Clarence Thomas hearings, the O. J.
        Simpson trial, and the Rodney King beating, trial, and riots. He
        describes his life as a basketball player at Los Angeles City College
        and his co-ownership of a night club. He also writes about his
        brief romance and marriage to Martha Reeves of the Vandellas, his
84            Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



            friendship with Florence Ballard of the Supremes,            and his
            courtship of and marriage to singer Nancy Wilson.

98.   Butler, Jerry. Only the Strong Survive: Memoirs of a Soul Survivor.
      Written with Earl Smith. Black Music and Expressive Culture
      Series.    Bloomington, Indiana: Indiana University Press, 2000.
      266     pages;     photographs;      discography;       index.       ISBN:
      0253337968.
            Abstract: Soul singer Jerry Butler was born in Mississippi in 1939.
            His parents decided to move to Chicago in the 1950s when condi-
            tions in the South became more and more difficult for blacks. He
            began singing in the church and first traveled as a singer with the
            Traveling Souls Spiritualist Church. Just before his fourteenth
            birthday, his father died and Butler became the man of the house.
            He was a leader in high school, got good grades, and was study-
            ing to be a cook. Butler and three friends, one of whom was future
            star Curtis Mayfield, formed a group which they called the
            Roosters. They were highly successful performers and were even-
            tually picked up by an agent who convinced them to change their
            name to The Impressions. The group recorded "For Your Precious
            Love" for the new VeeJay recording company. The thrill of mak-
            ing their first record was soon replaced by the chagrin of discov-
            ering that it had been released under the group name of Jerry
            Butler and The Impressions. The group continued to perform and
            record together, but it wasn't long before tension among the mem-
            bers led Butler to decide to break off and become a solo act. He
            continued to record through the 1970s and continues to perform to
            full houses of enthusiastic fans to the present day. Along with the
            story of his life, Butler talks about his family, friends, and associ-
            ates in the entertainment business, including Curtis Mayfield, Sam
            Cooke, Otis Redding, Patti LaBelle, Bill Cosby, and many others.
            The book also serves as a history of the recording companies that
            have been recording soul music since the late 1950s.

99.   Cadet,     Jean-Robert.      Restavec:   From    Haitian   Slave   Child    to
      Middle-Class American.   Austin, Texas: University of Texas
      Press, 1998. 182 pages. ISBN: 0292712030 : 0292712022.
            Abstract: Jean-Robert Cadet's mother, a black Haitian, died before
            he was a year old, apparently poisoned by jealous friends.           His
            father, Blanc Philippe, was a wealthy and prominent white man,
            and although he contributed some money to Cadet's welfare, he
            did not want Cadet around to embarrass him.           Blanc Philippe
            chose another woman, a former lover, to care for Cadet, but this
                  The Bibliography                                  85


woman treated him as a restavec, or child slave. Restavecs were
victims of physical and sexual abuse. They might attend school,
but generally could not participate in activities.     They were not
allowed to smile, laugh, or ask questions of or speak to their own-
ers. They lived with very little, slept on the floors, and cooked
their own food. Cadet was sent out to other families as well. He
always had hopes that his father would acknowledge him, and
when he escaped his last family to place himself before his father,
his father gave him to another woman until he could arrange to
send him to New York, where his first "mother" had gone. When
Cadet arrived in New York, he was treated a little better but was
still the servant in the family. He had no idea how to act as a mem-
ber of a family. He was eventually thrown out of this household
and struggled with homelessness while trying to attend high
school. With some help and tireless persistence, Cadet graduated
from high school and immediately joined the army. There he did
well as a soldier, but fit in with no one, and he never had the
courage to tell people that he had no family and no home. Finally,
lonely and desperate, he began writing letters to himself. He con-
cocted a mother and two girlfriends. He would read his letters out
loud to his barracks mates. Cadet joined the Rangers, an elite unit
within the army, where his race seemed to be far less important
than the esprit d'corps of the group. He thrived as a member of
this unit, but found himself once again homeless and friendless
after he was discharged. He attended college on the GI Bill and
graduated from the University of South Florida where he first
began seeing a psychiatrist. Despite this treatment, Cadet found it
difficult to participate in social occasions or to be part of a family.
Finally, Cadet became a teacher and, while student teaching, met
the woman who became his wife. When they married, he became
a stepfather and the couple had a child together. Cadet writes that
his soul began to heal when he became a father. He concludes his
autobiography with a plea that the practice of child slavery be
stopped:
         Restavec slavery is wrong. It is the worst crime
         imaginable, because the victims are incapable of
         resisting their adult predators. It is a crime
         against nature as well, because the child's very
         rights to life—to belong, to grow, to smile, to
         love, to feel, to learn, and to be a child—are
         denied, by those whose ancestors were slaves
         themselves                                  (p. 183)
86        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



100. Caldwell, Erskine. In Search of Bisco. Foreword by Wayne
     Mixon. Athens, Georgia: University of Georgia Press, 1995.
     219 pages. ISBN: 0820317845.
        Notes:   Originally published by Farrar, Straus, and Giroux, 1965.
        This edition reprinted with a new introduction and foreword by
        Wayne Mixon.

101. Campbell, James L. (1908- ). From Slavery to the 21st Century As
     Seen through the Eyes of a Grandson.      Mooresville, North
     Carolina: Performance Business Services, 2000. 44 pages; pho-
     tographs. ISBN: none.

102. Campo, Rafael.      The Poetry of Healing: A Doctor’s Education in
     Empathy, Identity, and Desire. New York, New York: W. W.
     Norton & Company, 1997. 270 pages. ISBN: 0393040097.
        Notes:  Originally published New York: W. W. Norton               &
        Company. The Desire to Heal, 1998. ISBN: 0393317714.
        Abstract:    In this collection of essays, Campo,   a doctor, writes
        about his struggle to accept himself as a gay man within the con-
        text of his family and the medical profession and as a poet. His
        resistance to his homosexuality had often expressed itself in his
        inability to empathize, even sympathize with his seriously, often
        terminally ill patients. After coming to grips with his own identi-
        ty, Campo was a resident at the University of California at San
        Francisco Hospitals, where many of his patients were HIV-AIDS
        patients. Campo, with his long-term male partner, were members
        of the gay community in San Francisco. He alternately embraced
        and rejected the more open life style of his friends and acquain-
        tances. Campo found the atmosphere of homophobia in which he
        worked a threatening environment, making it difficult for him to
        come out among his coworkers. Campo describes the lessons he
        learned from his experiences with patients and how the emotion-
        al release and the healing he gained through the writing of poetry
        led him to be a more humane and compassionate doctor.

103. Cantu, Norma Elia.        Canicula: Snapshots of a Girlhood en la
     Frontera.      Albuquerque,   New    Mexico:    University    of New
     Mexico Press, 1995.        132 pages; photographs; map. ISBN:
     0826315925.
        Abstract: This is the second book in a trilogy that goes from the
        1800s to the 1900s. The first, Papeles de Mujer (written entirely in
                          The Bibliography                                 87



        Spanish), and the third, Cabanuelas, make up a chronological, fic-
        tionalized, history of her family. The present book is a collection
        of vignettes based on family photographs. Cantu says that some
        of the events are based on truth and others are completely fiction-
        al. She goes on to explain,
                 But then again, as Pat Mora claims, life en la
                 frontera is raw truth, and stories of such life, fic-
                 titious as they may be, are even truer than true. I
                 was calling the work fictional autobiography,
                 until a friend suggested that they really are
                 ethnographic and so if it must fit a genre, I guess
                 it is fictional autobioethnography.           (p. xi)
        Some of the subjects covered in the vignettes reflect tragic events
        in a family's life, such as the death of a brother in Vietnam, losing
        a newborn baby, natural disasters, etc. But most are small events
        which describe the life of Mexican Americans living on the border.
        Examples are confusion over the American custom of Halloween
        trick-or-treating, meal preparations, visiting relatives in Mexico
        and having them visit in Texas, relationships between siblings,
        and being treated for head lice.

104. Cardona-Hine, Alvaro. A History of Light: A Memoir. Santa Fe,
     New Mexico: Sherman Asher Publishing, 1997.                   56 pages.
     ISBN: 1890932019 : 1890932000.
        Abstract: Cardona-Hine was born in Costa Rica in 1926. He came
        to the United States when he was thirteen. He lives in Santa Fe,
        where he works as an artist, composer, and writer. This book con-
        tains the memories of his love at the age of twelve for the little
        German girl who lived next door to him. The friendship ended
        when she was sent back to Germany to attend school.

105. Carlson,   Peggie   (1951- ).   The Girls Are Coming.          Midwest
    Reflections. St. Paul, Minnesota: Minnesota Historical Society
    Press, 1999. 203 pages. ISBN: 0873513754 : 0873513762.
        Abstract: Peggie Carlson decided to find employment at one of
        the Big Three employers in the Saint Paul area after hearing about
        the good pay and the new opportunities for women following the
        passage of the Equal Employment Act of 1972. The Big Three
        included Bell Telephone, Minnegasco, and Northern States Power.
        Carlson was one of the first women hired at Minnegasco. She
        gives a humorous account of the not-always-humorous events
        surrounding her entry into the men's world she found there. One
88        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        of her superiors proudly announced to her that there were no
        women working at Minnegasco, not even "girl clerks, except for
        downtown    where people expect that kind of thing" (p. 11).
        Carlson found her co-workers to be curious, hostile, and threaten-
        ing, but she also found acceptance, and at least two crew leaders
        who were happy to work with her and train her. She was first
        assigned, along with several other women, to read meters, but quit
        after only a few days when she was threatened with a knife by an
        elderly woman who was terrified at the prospect of having an
        African American in her house. Carlson was then transferred to
        the buildings and grounds crew, where she began training as a
        pipe fitter. She was soon joined by one other woman, the wise and
        easygoing Sonny, who saw Carlson through the worst of her intro-
        ductory period at Minnegasco. She and Sonny together were
        inducted into the union, and Carlson earned the coveted pipefit-
        ters’ license. Because the pay was good, she stayed at the compa-
        ny and began to lose interest in attending college. Over the years,
        she observed a change in attitude among the employees. When
        her first mentor retired, he had his wife clean up his treasured
        engineer's cap and he gave it to Carlson, a sign that he considered
        her to be an equal: "You gotta have a cap" (p. 199).

106. Carr, Johnnie Rebecca.    Johnnie: The Life of Johnnie Rebecca Carr,
     with Her Friends Rosa Parks, E. D. Nixon, Martin Luther King, Jr.,
     and Others in the Montgomery Civil Rights Struggle. As told to
     Randall Williams. Illustrations by Jeffrey Hurst. Montgomery,
     Alabama: Black Belt Press, 1996. 56 pages; illustrations.       ISBN:
     1881320537.
        Abstract: Told in the third person and intended for younger read-
        ers, this work tells the story of Johnnie Rebecca Carr, Rosa Parks,
        and the Civil Rights Movement in Montgomery, Alabama. Born in
        1911 in Montgomery, Carr grew up on the family farm. She
        attended Miss White's School, a private school established to teach
        young African-American girls academic and domestic skills. At
        Miss White's School, Carr and Rosa (McCauley) Parks were class-
        mates. The school closed when Carr was in seventh grade, and by
        then her mother was supporting the family through domestic
        work and could not afford to continue her children's education.
        Carr married at sixteen and had two children. After several years,
        she left her husband and went back to school. She became a nurse
        and later began selling insurance. While living and working in
        Montgomery, Carr joined the NAACP, where she and Rosa Parks
        rekindled their friendship. She became active in voter registration
                            The Bibliography                             89



        activities and later played a supporting role in the Montgomery
        Bus Boycott.     In 1964, Carr, her second husband, and their son
        Arlam decided that they would challenge the segregated school
        system, and were named in a suit (Carr v. Montgomery City Board
        of Education) that would go to the U.S. Supreme Court. Even
        though the case went unsettled for almost thirty years, Arlam
       graduated from once all-white Sidney Lanier High School. Carr
       became president of the Montgomery Improvement Association in
       1967. She and her husband continue to serve as poll officials.

107. Carroll, Rebecca Evans (1917- ). Snapshots from the Life of an
     African-American Woman. Baltimore, Maryland: C. H. Fairfax
     Company, 1997. 397 pages; photographs. ISBN: none.
       Abstract:     Dr. Rebecca Evans Carroll retired as the deputy super-
       intendent of the Baltimore Public Schools, following a career in
       which she taught in both segregated and desegregated schools in
       that city. A native of Baltimore, Carroll attended schools during a
       time of strict segregation. State law prohibited her from attending
       graduate school at the University of Maryland. Instead, the state
       provided all expenses, including transportation, for African-
       American students to attend graduate school anywhere but in
       Maryland. Carroll chose to attend the University of Chicago. At
       the time, she notes, African-American women had essentially two
       career options: nursing or teaching.     Having always loved school
       and having excelled in academics, she chose to teach and returned
       to pursue her career in the still segregated schools of Baltimore.
       While teaching, Carroll completed a B.S. degree and earned mas-
       ters and doctoral degrees in education. Seeing both the good and
       the bad in the post-Brown v. Board of Education world of southern
       schools, Carroll writes
                   Desegregation, the law of the land, was a for-
                   ward step for the nation; however, implicit were
                   hundreds of unarticulated relationship prob-
                   lems that were spawned by the racism that, in
                   many instances, was and is still with us.   I won-
                   der how much self-esteem of blacks and how
                   many self-concepts and how much achievement
                   were placed on the altar of sacrifice during the
                   early days of desegregation. ... And what about
                the curriculum geared primarily to middle-class
                Caucasians? How terribly the black students
                were being short-changed emotionally as well as
                   academically.                               (p. 59)
90       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



108. Carson, Ben. The Big Picture: Getting Perspective on What's
     Really Important in Life. Written with Gregg Lewis. Grand
     Rapids, Michigan: Zondervan Publishing House, 1999.                 271
     pages; photographs. ISBN: 0310225833.
       Notes:   Also published in paperback Zondervan            Publication
       House, 2000. ISBN: 031023834x.
       Abstract:   Renowned African-American surgeon Ben Carson
       writes about his three experiences surgically separating craniopa-
       gus Siamese twins, or twins joined at the head, particularly his
       second and third cases, both conducted in South Africa. In the sec-
       ond case, the surgical team discovered after nineteen hours in sur-
       gery that the two girls were dependent upon one another for life-
       sustaining functions and could not survive separated. Carson
       realized only later, when confronted with the third case, that
       although the efforts to save the two little girls were doomed from
       the start, preparing for their surgery brought much-needed med-
       ical equipment to the black medical school at Medunsa where the
       surgery was performed, and gave him invaluable experience
       which helped make his third case a success. Carson writes that
       this experience helped him to develop his philosophy of looking
       at the "big picture" and convinced him of how important this is for
       a successful life. Carson tells the story of his mother, who was
       married at thirteen, and after having two children (Carson and his
       brother) discovered that her husband was a bigamist and had a
       second family. The boys' father's departure left them destitute, but
       their mother was able to make their money stretch. Despite her
        own inability to read, she took the boys' education in hand, insist-
        ing that they stop watching television and begin reading at least
        two books a week. Carson went from failing grades to all A's, and
        proceeded on his chosen course to medical school. He gives exam-
        ples of how his mother taught him to set priorities and to make
        carefully considered decisions. He discusses what he learned
        from his early life of hardship and how he has applied those les-
        sons. As an adult, Carson was inducted into the Horatio Alger
        Society, an organization of individuals who have risen from the
        lowest socio-economic rungs to become the most successful prac-
        titioners in their fields. Carson describes several inspiring Alger
        members.    He also writes about the importance of being "nice,"
        learning that the world does not revolve around us, and learning
        to see from the other person's perspective. He writes about the
        issue of political correctness, the value of racial diversity, and the
        mistake of denying the existence of racial prejudice. Carson gives
        his views on racial profiling, affirmative action, the importance of
                          The Bibliography                                  91


       education, and the problems of health care and managed health.
       He sees that one of the major problems of managed health organ-
       izations is that the care of the patient is not the first priority, and
       he outlines his own vision of a successful health insurance pro-
       gram. He writes about how his Christian faith figures in his life as
       a professional and as a family man, and he illustrates his experi-
       ences with the healing power of prayer.

109. —. Gifted Hands. Written with Cecil B. Murphey. Grand
     Rapids, Michigan: Zondervan Publishing House, 1990. 232
     pages; photographs. ISBN: 0310546508.
       Notes: Also published Zondervan Publishing House, 1996. ISBN:
       0310214696;    New     York:   HarperPaperbacks,       1993.     ISBN:
       0061042536. These editions published with the title Gifted Hands:
       The Ben Carson Story.
       Abstract:   This is the first book by Ben Carson.     He writes about
       his childhood and education, his early career as a surgeon, and
       how he became a pioneer in the hemispherectomy, a surgical pro-
       cedure that involves removal of half of the patient's brain. It is
       used to alleviate symptoms in the most severe cases of epilepsy
       and allows the patient to lead a normal life. (See Carson, Ben. The
       Big Picture: Getting Perspective on What's Really Important in Life for
       further autobiographical details.)

110. Casanova, Ronald. Each One Teach One: Up and out of Poverty,
     Memoirs of a Street Activist. As told to Stephen Blackburn.
     Willimantic, Connecticut: Curbstone Press, 1996. 260 pages.
     ISBN: 1880684373.
       Abstract: Ron Casanova was raised in an orphanage in Staten
       Island, New York. He began escaping from the orphanage to find
       his brothers and sisters at about the age of eight. He finally locat-
       ed his brother and learned that his mother had died leaving eleven
       children, and that his father was an alcoholic.     For the rest of his
       youth Casanova was in and out of the orphanage, jail and mental
       institutions, and the homes of his siblings.   In between, he would
       often sleep on stair landings or other places. "I liked my inde-
       pendence, however poor that may have been. To me it was prefer-
       able to the risk of closeness that comes from living in a family" (p.
       27). As an adult, he had no place to live, and he was again in and
       out of prison over a period of fourteen years.          After he was
       released, he went to the La Guardia Shelter in New York and
       worked for various mission groups, developing new ideas for
on       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



       ways to serve the homeless. He eventually decided that such
       organizations could not provide the help the homeless required.
                    In my experience, all institutions tend to want
                    you to remain dependent on them. That's the
                    welfare    system,   that's   the   AFDC,    that's
                    Christianity. It is great to go out and feed peo-
                    ple, but it is more important to help people learn
                    to feed themselves. ... As long as you depend
                    on someone else, you are in their control.     You
                    are not your own person if you are on Aid to
                    Families with Dependent Children all the time,
                    or on the dole from the church.        (p. 118)
        From that point, in 1988, Casanova began to organize homeless
        people in the Tompkins Square Park area in New York City. He
        spent the next years working for the autonomy of displaced per-
        sons, even meeting with Jack Kemp, Secretary of Housing and
        Urban Development, during a march on Washington D.C. At that
        meeting, Kemp made promises that were never kept. Casanova
        continues to organize the homeless in other cities, such as Los
        Angeles and Kansas City. He is disappointed that even when ade-
        quate housing is provided, people are unable to maintain their
        homes properly. His conclusion is that he and others must con-
        tinue to be there to offer food and housing and wait for people to
        make the decision to take control of their own lives. Casanova
        continues his activities despite the fact that he is suffering from
        AIDS.

111. Cepeda, Orlando. Baby Bull: From Hardball to Hard Time and
     Back.  Written with Herb Fagen.      Dallas, Texas: Taylor
     Publishing Company, 1998.            238 pages; photographs.         ISBN:
     087833212x.
        Abstract:     Orlando Cepeda was born in Ponce, Puerto Rico in
        1937. He was the son of baseball player Perucho Cepeda. As a
        boy, his family moved from town to town following Perucho's
        baseball career.      Negro League players were often in Puerto Rico
        playing during the winter months, and so Cepeda had, besides his
        father, many of the great Negro League players to look to for inspi-
        ration. At fifteen, Cepeda began playing with an amateur team
        and from there was picked up by the professional Santurce
        Crabbers.     The owner of the Crabbers, Pete Zorilla, had connec-
        tions with the New York Giants, and he sent Cepeda to try out for
        the team in Miami, Florida. Cepeda was sent to a low level team
        in Virginia where he was depressed both by his inability to com-
                         The Bibliography                                93



        municate in English and the conditions of segregation he found
        there. He slowly moved up through team levels until he was
        signed by the San Francisco Giants in 1958. Cepeda believes that
        it was racism toward black players, especially Latin black players,
        that impeded his progress to the major leagues. Cepeda proved
        himself his first year, however, when he was named National
        League Rookie of the Year as well as the Giant's Most Valuable
        Player. His fortunes faltered when the Giants hired Alvin Dark to
        manage. Dark was openly racist, divided the team along racial
        lines, and abused the black and Latin players. Cepeda found him-
        self in contract disputes and was accused of faking a knee injury.
        Although he was crushed when he was traded to the St. Louis
        Cardinals, it turned out to be a good move for him. He was
        named National League Most Valuable Player during the 1967 sea-
        son, a year the Cardinals won the World Series. Cepeda was trad-
        ed in 1969 to the Atlanta Braves, and then to the Oakland A's in
        1972. By then, because of another knee injury, his career was over,
        and Cepeda stayed with the A's only three months, although he
        played another year with the Boston Red Sox as their first desig-
        nated hitter. Following retirement, Cepeda went into an emotion-
        al decline and hit rock bottom when he was arrested and convict-
        ed for possession of marijuana. Following his release from prison,
        Cepeda began practicing Buddhism, which helped to turn his life
       around. He was able to get back into baseball when San Francisco
       Giants owner Peter Magowan hired him for public relations and
       community outreach, and he became active in youth and commu-
       nity services in northern California. Cepeda came within seven
       votes of being inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame. He
       devotes one chapter of his book to remembering and noting
       important Latin baseball players and their legacy to American
       professional baseball.

112. Cervantez, Ernesto E. (1941- ). Once upon the 1950s.          Bethel,
    Connecticut:    Rutledge     Books,   1997.     111 pages.      ISBN:
    1887750657.
       Abstract: Cervantez grew up in a closely knit family in a small
       mining town in New Mexico. He has a passion for the rock and
       roll music of the 1950s. He describes his high school years, and
       recalls the songs that he listened to while spending time with
       friends and falling in love.   Cervantez's fondest memories sur-
       round baseball, football, and his first serious love. He writes that
       these were the "happiest days of our lives, because we were a
       group of kids that stuck together in almost everything we did and
       in the way we walked, talked, and dressed" (p. 56).       Following
94        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


        graduation, Cervantez and his older brother, unsuccessful in find-
        ing work, joined the United States Air Force. Early on, his broth-
        er received a medical discharge, returned home, and married his
        high-school sweetheart. A younger brother also married his high-
        school sweetheart, but Cervantez, still in the Air Force, received a
        Dear John letter. He is still full of regret when he thinks of his lost
        high-school romance. Despite this disappointment, he considers
        his friends from high school to be his friends for life.

113. Ch'i, Shouhua.    See Qi, Shouhua.

114. Chacon, Rafael (1833-1925).       Legacy of Honor: The Life of Rafael
     Chac6n, a Nineteenth-Century New Mexican.     Edited by
     Jacqueline Dorgan Meketa. Las Cruces, New Mexico: Yucca
     Tree Press, 2000.  439 pages; photographs; maps.   ISBN:
     1881325245,
        Notes: Originally published Albuquerque: University of New
        Mexico Press, 1986. ISBN: 0826308864 : 0826308872.
        Abstract: Rafael Chac6én was born in 1833 and died in 1925 hav-
        ing seen New Mexico go from a Spanish and Mexican territory, to
        a U.S. Territory, to an official state of the Union. Chacén describes
        the Rebellion of the Cantén of La Cafiada of 1837 and its success-
        ful suppression by General Armijo. For this event, as well as for
        others scattered throughout the text, Chacén elucidates his own
        writing with the decimas and cunadas, ballads and poems, from
        his native New Mexico. These poems are presented in English in
        the main body of the text, but included in their original Spanish in
        an appendix. At 11 years old, Chacén left home as a cadet in the
        Mexican army. He suffered hardship and neglect but was taken in
        by a friendly and nurturing Captain Gémez. He witnessed, at
        home with his family, the American invasion of New Mexico, and
        recalls with regret the days before American hegemony, the "sane
        and sober" (p. 74) times when neighbor helped neighbor and all,
        Pueblo Indians and Mexicans, celebrated the feast days together.
        Chacén also describes in some detail many customs, practices,
        occupations, and celebrations of his region of New Mexico. A
        great deal of Chacén's autobiography is devoted to his days as a
        commissioned officer in the volunteer army of the United States
        during the years of the Civil War. The initial purpose in forming
        an army from the New Mexican territory was to prevent an inva-
        sion from Texas. Chacén was also responsible for "pacifying the
        hostiles," primarily, the Navajo and Apache of present day New
        Mexico, Arizona, and Colorado. Honorably discharged in 1864,
                            The Bibliography                                          95


       Chacén returned to his family in New Mexico, eventually uproot-
       ing and taking them by wagon to what is now Trinity, Colorado, a
       new territory at the time. There he made and lost a fortune
       through sheep herding and land acquisition. Throughout his life,
       Chacén had many occupations, including buffalo hunter, Indian
       trader,   farmer,    shopkeeper,   tailor, clerk,    territorial   senator     (in
       Colorado), officer in the army, justice of the peace (in New
       Mexico), and rancher. Chac6én and his wife Juanita had eleven
       children, seven of whom died in infancy. Author Meketa provides
       historical detail and context for Chacén's work, filling out the
       details of his life and the times in which he lived.

115. Chambers,     Veronica.      Mama's    Girl.    New       York, New       York:
    Riverhead      Books,     1996.   194 pages.            ISBN:    1573220302            :
    1573225991.
       Abstract: Chambers, a young writer and Glamour magazine edi-
       tor, tells the story of her childhood in New York. Her parents, both
       born in the Caribbean, were divorced when she and her brother
       were quite young.       Her brother eventually went to live with their
       father, and she stayed with her mother.             She continually tried to
       impress her mother and get her attention with good grades and
       other achievements.       Her mother, however, seemed              to be more
       concerned    about her brother and generally preoccupied                     with
       other aspects of her life. After her mother remarried, Chambers
       found living at home to be more and more difficult and moved in
       with her father. During the years with her negligent father and
       abusive stepmother, Chambers still managed to maintain a bril-
       liant academic record and was able to move away from home
       when she was accepted at age sixteen to Simon's Rock College.
       Chamber's story of her struggles and achievements is mixed with
       description of her overwhelming desire to evoke a spark of emo-
       tion or affection in her mother. The two of them were finally par-
       tially reconciled when she begged her mother for financial help to
       get through college, and her mother responded with consistency
       and generosity. As Chambers worked her way through college,
       she got a job that kept her in close proximity to her mother, and
       she finally began to understand the difficult job her mother had to
       provide for her family. One night, she was finally able to ask her
       mother for the emotional support she needed, and the two
       reached a much fuller understanding.
96        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



116. Chang, Leslie. Beyond the Narrow Gate: The Journey of Four
     Chinese Women from the Middle Kingdom to Middle America. New
     York, New York: Dutton, 1999.        288 pages.   ISBN: 0525942572.

        Notes:   Published in paperback New York: Plume, 2000.         ISBN:
        0452277612.
        Abstract:     Leslie Chang, a young writer, describes her childhood
        as well as that of her mother and three of her mother's childhood
        friends and their children. The four women in the elder genera-
        tion were born in China and fled to Taiwan during the revolution.
        In Taiwan they were classmates at the same school for girls, and
        eventually all emigrated to the United States. Chang explores the
        families and other circumstances of the women, follows them to
        middle age, and their children into adulthood. She compares their
        situations.    Chang's mother lost her parents at an early age and
        had to look after herself and her younger siblings. She got a schol-
        arship to study in the United States and stayed there. She was one
        of the few Chinese women of her generation who managed to
        enter mainstream U.S. society, becoming an aggressive real estate
        agent and desegregating the local swimming pool. Chang herself
        grew up in a predominantly white community and went to white
        schools, but she lived by the expectations of her Chinese parents.
        Chang managed to avoid the academic career in the sciences that
        her parents had planned for her, and instead became a writer. As
        she interviewed and studied the lives of her mother and her moth-
        er's friends, Chang made important discoveries about herself, and
        eventually concluded that, although she is Chinese by heritage,
        she and the children of her mother's friends now have their own
        lives to lead. On the final page she writes:
             I wish for a moment that we could all be here making
             dumplings together, like our mothers used to do in
             Taipei. I know it will never happen. We each of us
             have struck out on our own paths, as different from
             one another as the lives that our mothers have made
             for themselves in America.                     (p. 286)

117. Chang, Pang-Mei Natasha (1965- ). Bound Feet and Western
     Dress. New York, New York: Doubleday, 1996. 215 pages.
     ISBN: 0385479638 : 0385479646.
        Notes:   1st Anchor Books edition, 1997.
        Abstract: Chang, an American, writes the story of her childhood
        as part of a family of Chinese immigrants. She tried to blend in
        with white society, but at the same time felt a bond with China and
                          The Bibliography                                  i


       her great-aunt, a woman who lived an unusual life during a peri-
       od of change in China. Her great-aunt Yu-i was born into a large
       family of eight boys and four girls. Her elder sister had bound
       feet, but when Yu-i's turn came to have her feet bound at the age
       of three, her constant screams so distressed her brother that he
       promised to care for her even if no one would marry her and he
       demanded that the binding stop. This effectively ended the cus-
       tom in her family. She married a man who barely acknowledged
       her presence for years, until he demanded a divorce when the cou-
       ple was living in England. Yu-i divorced her husband and moved
       in with a brother in Germany. After several years, she moved back
       to China‘and settled in Shanghai with her young son. She taught
       German at a university and became the president of the Shanghai
       Women's Savings Bank. She cared for her former husband's par-
       ents for the rest of their lives, and even took over the responsibili-
       ties for burying the ex-husband himself when he died in a plane
       crash. She left China twenty years later during the Chinese civil
       war and went to live in Hong Kong. In 1972, she immigrated to
       the United States to be with her son and his family.

118. Chapman, Serle. Of Earth and Elders: Visions and Voices from
     Native America. Introduction by Dennis J. Banks. Photographs
     by Serle Chapman. Postscript by Bruce Ellison. Missoula,
    Montana: Bear Print, 1998.         218 pages; photographs; illustra-
    tions. ISBN: 0952860740.
       Abstract: Serle Chapman, an Anglo-European, has compiled this
       work in the name of justice, equality, and human rights. He, and
       all contributors, wish to paint a picture of Native America today.
       Clearly, there is no monolithic Native culture. Disparate nations
       traded with each other across many miles. Changes were occur-
       ring before the Europeans arrived and continue to this day.
       Chapman writes that the people who contributed to this book
       point out historic events and bring to light little-acknowledged
       facts to illustrate the condition of Native people today. This book
       is "a collection of thoughts, explanations, opinions, prose, and
       individual   perspectives"   (p. xiii).   In his introduction,   Dennis
       Banks writes similarly that "crucial issues standing before Native
       people are explained from individual insight and personal experi-
       ence, each choosing to say how it really is as opposed to what
       might be comfortable for others to imagine" (p. 5). Chapman con-
       tributes many photographs, an initial chapter, and introductory
       pages for seven interviews. Contributors include the following:
       Chief Arvol Looking Horse, Vine Deloria, Jr., Ron Valasco, Gregg
       Bourland, Ronnie Lupe, Robert Mirabal, N. Scott Momaday, Joy
98        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


        Harjo, Avis Little Eagle, Maryann Andreas, Bernice Kaigelak,
        Keith Secola, Joe Camarillo, Tim Giago, Chief Wilma Mankiller, J.
        Carlos Peinado (J. C. White Shirt), Chief Oliver Red Cloud, Mario
        Gonzalez, Marley Shebala, Joanne Shenandoah, and Tim Lame
        Woman.    The following individuals are interviewed: Floyd Red
        Crow   Westerman,    Apesanahkwat,    Steve   Reevis,   Fern Mathias,
        Sonny Skyhawk, Arigon Starr, and Larry Sellers.

119: Charlton, Lewis. Sketch of the Life of Mr. Lewis Charlton and
     Reminiscences of Slavery.  Transcribed by Edward Everett
     Brown.     Chapel Hill, North Carolina: Academic Affairs
     Library, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, 2000.
        http://docsouth.unc.edu/neh/charlton/charlton.sgml
        http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu/neh/charlton/charlton.html
        Notes: Documenting the American South (Project).

120. Charr, Easurk Emsen.   The Golden Mountain: The Autobiography
     of a Korean Immigrant, 1895-1960. Wayne Patterson. 2nd ed.
     The Asian American Experience. Urbana, Illinois: University
     of Illinois Press, 1995.    315 pages; photographs.     ISBN:
     0252022173 : 0252065131.
        Notes: Originally published Boston: Forum, 1961 (302 pages).
        Abstract: Easurk Emsen Charr emigrated from his native Korea to
        the United States in 1904. He writes about his childhood in Korea
        and his life after coming to the United States. Charr and his fam-
        ily lived in the city of Pyeng Yang. The entire family had been con-
        verted to Christianity, and Charr was sent to a mission school
        where he developed strong ties with American missionaries. This
        alliance served him weli when he went to the United States. He
        and his cousin sailed to Hawai'i, and then went on to the U.S.
        mainland. He moved around the country looking for work and
        schooling. Although laws were often not in favor of Asian immi-
        grants, he always found people, both Korean and white
        Americans, who would help him out. He was encouraged to enter
        Park College in Parkville, Missouri, a school that did not charge
        tuition or room     and board, but let students work their way
        through school.     While still studying at Park to get into medical
        school, Charr joined the U.S. Army during World War I and was
        allowed to join the medical corps. After the war, the United States
        passed a law allowing all war veterans to become naturalized U.S.
        citizens. It turned out, however, that this did not include Koreans,
        Chinese, or Japanese, and it was not until much later, in 1935, that
                          The Bibliography                                99


        Charr got citizenship through the lobbying efforts of the American
        Legion. He made several unsuccessful attempts to get into med-
        ical school and finally went to Chicago, where he became a drafts-
        man with the Rand McNally Company.         It was there that he met
        his wife, Elaine Kim, or Lotus Flower, who was on a student visa
        from Korea. Charr lost his job during the Great Depression, and
        he and Lotus Flower moved with their family to San Francisco.
        After he gained U.S. citizenship, he joined the U.S. Civil Service,
        which took him to Nevada and Oregon. He worked with both the
        Soil Conservation Commission and the Indian Service. Charr was
        never able to return to Korea, nor did he ever see his parents after
        leaving in 1904. Despite the many difficulties and the discrimina-
        tion that he encountered, he was devoted to his new country and
        writes in his preface, "Indeed this is the New Promised Land that
        I found flowing with milk of wisdom and honey of freedom. I am
        exceedingly glad that I came to America, and Iam humbly proud
        that lam an American citizen. May God bless America, my coun-
        try, my home!"

121. Che, Sunny (1929- ). Forever Alien:     A Korean Memoir, 1930-1951.
    Jefferson, North Carolina: McFarland & Company, 2000.               253
    pages; photographs; maps. ISBN: 0786406852.
        Abstract:   Che was born to a farming family in Pohang, South
       Korea. Her father left for Japan soon after she was born. He trav-
       eled from Kyushu to Hokkaido looking for work and a place to
       move his family. He finally settled in Fukui on the coast of the Sea
       of Japan. No sooner had the family joined him there than Che's
       father was sent back to Korea because he had developed tubercu-
       losis. He was in Korea for five years, where he studied acupunc-
       ture and continued his work as a Chinese herbalist. He returned
       to Japan and gained his medical license to practice acupuncture.
       Within a year of his return, Che's mother died. The children were
       happy when their father remarried because it meant fewer house-
       hold chores, but they were soon to regret their father's choice. Che
       and her four siblings were at constant odds with their stepmother,
       who clearly favored her own daughter. As war escalated in
       Europe and Asia, the family moved to Nagoya and then back to
       Korea.   Following the defeat of Japan and the liberation of Korea,
       there was a serious shortage of food, heating fuel, and work. Che
       chronicles her remaining years in Korea, during which she and her
       oldest brother attempted to escape and return to Japan. After her
       brother attempted suicide, Che devoted herself to caring for him
       and saw him through to recovery. She eventually left to go to
       school and earn a living in Seoul. Christian missionaries helped
100          Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         her to attend the Methodist Mission School and then the school's
         seminary. Admission to the seminary meant an unheard-of three
         meals a day. A job with the U.S. military also meant that Che had
         money to send to her landlord to help him with the cost of caring
         for his family. When North Korea invaded South Korea, Che was
         once again on her own, and she became a refugee, traveling from
         place to place to find safety, shelter, and food. She traveled to
         Pusan with a Red Cross ambulance, which she describes as "the
         most liberating and joyous moment I had experienced since leav-
         ing Seoul" (p. 231). Again with the help of the Christian mission-
         aries, Che managed to receive a passport to the United States. In
         1952, with no word of anyone in her family, with little money and
         no possessions, Che set sail for San Francisco on the Sea Serpent
         with the "soaring joy of liberation" (p. 248).

122. Chin, Duncan. Growing Up on Grove Street, 1931-1946: Sketches
     and Memories of a Chinese-American Boyhood. Foreward and
      afterword by Sandy Lydon.            Capitola, California: Capitola
      Book    Company,     1995.     110 pages;      illustrations.   ISBN:
      0932319033.
         Abstract: Duncan Chin accompanies his pencil sketches with
         short memories of his childhood in Watsonville in the Pajaro
         Valley of California. Watsonville was an agricultural town that
         was home to dust bowl migrants as well as immigrants from
         Mexico, Europe, and Asia during the Great Depression. Chin por-
         trays family members and friends. His drawings depict scenes of
         communal meals, of laborers in the family apple orchard, of school
         days, and of workers in the fields. In text and drawings, Chin por-
         trays the activities of harvesting and drying apples, the business-
         es along Lower Main Street, soldiers on leave from nearby
         Monterey, hobos cooking under a railroad bridge, and the adven-
         ture of rescuing his dog from the local dog pound. Chin's memo-
         ries are mostly happy ones, but they also show the darker side of
         Watsonville, including police raids at the local brothel and vio-
         lence against African Americans and Japanese Americans. A his-
         torical essay about Chin's family, the Watsonville area, and the
         Chinese community there concludes the work.
                         The Bibliography                               101


123. Chin, Justin (1969- ). Mongrel: Essays, Diatribes, and Pranks.
     New York, New York: St. Martin's Press, 1999.       178 pages.
     ISBN: 0312195133.
        Abstract: Justin Chin is a gay, Chinese immigrant from Singapore.
        He first acknowledged his sexual orientation at the age of seven-
        teen as a junior-college student in Singapore, and it was at that
        point that he began to live an openly gay lifestyle. At the age of
        eighteen, he immigrated to the United States, to San Francisco,
        where he became a writer of prose and poetry and a solo per-
        former.   In the essays that make up the book, Chin discusses a
        variety of topics, most of them related to gay living and culture.
        The essay "Saved" discusses a "web of Christian ministries
        attempting to lead gays and lesbians out of ‘the life."". The main
        problem with these, Chin decides, is that gays and lesbians come
        to these groups out of a profound guilt over their lifestyles, and
        when they are unable to change after several years of "rehabilita-
        tion," the guilt grows even stronger. "Smile" delves into the sex
        industry in Thailand and particularly that part of it aimed at gay
        clientele. The article was originally written for Progressive, a gay
        magazine, which then decided not to publish it. The topic, he
        states, is "thorny" because "many different issues collude on this
        one issue, not the least of which are consent, individual autonomy,
        and labor relations" (p. 159). Other topics include gay perceptions
        of gay society, gay society's perceptions of its Asian members, a
        reflection of the Castro—the famous gay neighborhood in San
       Francisco, commentary on a Mr. Asian beauty contest, the culture
       of food in Singapore, the popularization of Buddhism, and a cross-
       country book tour.

124. Chin, Soo-Young.    See Kim, Dora Yum.

125. Chin, Tung Pok (d. 1988). Paper Son: One Man's Story. Written
    with Winifred C. Chin.       Asian American History & Culture.
    Philadelphia, Pennsylvania: Temple University Press, 2000.
    147 pages; photographs. ISBN: 1566398002 : 1566398010.
       Abstract: Tung Pok Chin immigrated from China to the United
       States in 1934 at the age of nineteen. Chin immigrated as a "paper
       son,” which entailed paying for the paperwork that would prove
       he was the child of a U.S. citizen and memorizing all of the false
       facts necessary to pass the quizzing by immigration officials when
       entering the country. Chin had a wife and family in China, but
       because he entered the United States proclaiming to be a single
       man, he was unable to send for them.     He ultimately divorced his
102        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         wife after he found out that she had had a child by another man.
         Chin was educated in the United States and served in the Navy
         during World War II. After the war, he went back to his pre-war
         employment of running a hand laundry. Chin received financial
         assistance from the Chinese Hand Laundry Alliance (CHLA) in
         New York. Chin wrote poetry and had hundreds of poems pub-
         lished by the China Daily News under his real name, Lai Bing Chan.
         Because he was a competent speaker of English, he served as inter-
         preter at the True Light Lutheran Church for twenty years. Since
         he was legally single in the United States, Chin was able to marry
         a woman from Hong Kong with whom he had two children.
         Trouble cropped up in the early 1950s during the years of
         McCarthyism. Chin was associated with a known Communist,
         wrote for the Chinese newspaper with the strongest Communist
         leanings, wrote under an assumed name, and had dealings with
         the CHLA, which was also suspected of Communist sympathies.
         Throughout the 1950s, he was followed and frequently visited by
         FBI agents, who questioned his loyalty to his adopted country.
         Afraid of the consequences, he burned all of his poetry and
         stopped writing for several years. He started again in 1959 and
         began composing his memoirs in 1986 after retiring in 1978. His
         daughter, Winifred Chin, edited the manuscript and prepared it
         for publication after Chin's death in 1988.

126. Chinn, Florence J. (1927- ). A Tree Growing in Gold Mountain: A
      Journal of the Chinn Family of Sacramento, California. Honolulu,
      Hawai'i: F. J. Chinn, 1997.      126 pages; photographs; maps.
      ISBN: none.

127. Chiplin, Charles K. Roads from the Bottom: A Survival Journal for
     America’s Black Community. Brandon, Mississippi: Quail Ridge
     Press, 1996. 183 pages. ISBN: 0937552739.
         Abstract: Chiplin assesses the disintegration of African-American
         communities. He compares present day communities to his own
         experience growing up in small town Mississippi during the Jim
         Crow era and the emergence of the Civil Rights Movement.
         Chiplin himself was aware of the indignities of Jim Crow from an
         early age. He experimented with entering a whites-only restau-
         rant and, shortly before the Montgomery Bus Boycott triggered by
         Rosa Parks, conducted a one-boy protest by refusing to sit in the
         back of a bus. Chiplin's father understood his son's motivation,
         but asked him to hold back on his activities because he feared los-
         ing his job. His father was fired after all, however, when he signed
                         The Bibliography                                103


        a petition demanding equal education for his children. After serv-
        ing in the Vietnam War, Chiplin's brother was arrested for attend-
        ing a whites-only Catholic Church. All of these events led to
        Chiplin's and his father's committed involvement in the Civil
        Rights Movement. They became active in voters' rights, opening
        a freedom school, and working with the publication of the
        Vicksburg Citizen's Appeal.   Later, when the freedom school was
        completely destroyed in a bomb blast, the Chiplin family offered
        freedom school classes on their back porch, after which the family
        grocery store was also bombed. The father refused to submit to
        terrorism and opened his store the next morning, selling salvage-
        able goods from amidst the ruins of his business. The bombings
        succeeded in bringing the black community together, and Chiplin
        was able to see slow, positive changes taking place. Chiplin
        attended Alcorn and Jackson State Colleges. He continued his
        work with civil rights into the 1970s while teaching at Jackson
        State College and working with the "Second Chance" program in
        his county's prison system. Chiplin is a poet, a musician, and a
        minister. In the book, he presents ten "roads for present day
        America, particularly Young America" (p. 161). He hopes that if
        parents will give these "roads" a try, there will be a turn around in
        the conditions of the family and community.

128. Chu, Rosemary (1929- ). Rosemary: A Journey from East to West.
    As told to Lou Ann Locke. Arkadelphia, Arkansas: The Pete
    Parks Center for Regional Studies, Ouachita Baptist University,
    1999. 219 pages; illustrations; photographs.        ISBN: none.
       Abstract: Rosemary Chu was born in the village of Tai Tou in the
       province of Shan Tung in China. Before her birth, her grand-
       mother had become a Christian. The whole family followed her
       example and converted. Chu's father was a Lutheran minister and
       Chu and her sisters were educated at a private Catholic school. In
       1949, when    the Communists     took over China,     Rosemary   was
       about to graduate from high school. Her family, not optimistic
       about their chances of survival, decided that she was the only fam-
       ily member they could smuggle out of the country. Chu traveled
       by train for eight days, miraculously avoiding detection of her
       undocumented status, and making it over the border to Hong
       Kong. From there, she was able to get a scholarship from the
       Lutheran Church to study in the United States. Chu attended
       Wittenberg College in Springfield, Ohio. After graduation, she
       went to work for the Moody Bible Institute in Chicago and mar-
       ried Finley Chu, a young man from the same part of China as her-
       self. Finley had completed his doctoral studies and was soon
104        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


        hired by Oklahoma Baptist University in Shawnee, Oklahoma,
         where their only child, Jane, was born. After seven years, in 1963,
         Finley was recruited to head the Business and Economics
         Department at Ouachita Baptist University in Arkadelphia,
         Arkansas, and the family soon felt at home there. Finley, howev-
         er, became ill, and died of cancer in 1967. Chu was immediately
         offered the responsibility of running a residence hall at the uni-
         versity, and she has been there ever since, looking after two gen-
         erations of young women and participating actively in college and
         church life. In 1973, after twenty-three years of total separation
         from her family, she received a letter from one of her sisters.
         Finally, in the 1980s, Chu participated in a tour to China, subsi-
         dized by her friends and supporters at Ouachita. During the tour,
         she was reunited with her brothers and sisters. Her parents had
         died before she was able to make the trip.

129. Chuck D. Fight the Power: Rap, Race, and Reality. Written with
      Yusuf Jah.   New York, New York: Delacorte Press, 1997.             274
      pages; photographs. ISBN: 0385318685.
         Notes: Published in paperback New York: Dell Publishing, 1998.
         ISBN: 0385318731.
         Abstract: Leader of the rap group Public Enemy, Chuck D is con-
         cerned about the health of black youth, the black community, and
         black culture. His music provides him with a means of communi-
         cating to a broad audience. "Once I realized that I'm a voice that
         people listen to, I realized I had to fill my voice with something of
         substance" (p. 5). His songs prominently address racial issues and
         controversies.   In his book, Chuck D also delivers messages con-
         cerning alcohol and drugs, gratuitous materialism, support of the
         African-American community by African Americans, and getting
         ahead. History is important to him. He believes, that if young, ris-
         ing entertainers would pay attention to older, experienced musi-
         cians they would avoid many business, legal, and artistic pitfalls.
         Chuck D hopes to "expose to the reader the beauty and depth of
         Rap and Hip-Hop. ... This book damn sure ain't a passive intro-
         duction to this world, nor is it an autobiography. ... Fight the
         Power will ruffle" (p. xiii). Chuck D describes his entry into the
         music world. He began as a deejay and emcee, and then became
         a singer, songwriter, and performer.     He writes about Public
         Enemy's recording history, their touring experiences, their collab-
         orations with other performers, and the controversies the rap
         group has inspired. Chuck D examines his career within the con-
         text of rap and hip-hop music in America. He discusses his expe-
                         The Bibliography                                105



       riences with the recording industry and touring. He addresses
       some of the questions that have arisen regarding his song lyrics
       and videos. He shares his views on black culture and education
       and comments on Public Enemy Griff's comments concerning
       Jews, the diamond industry, and slavery. Today Chuck D is
       involved in many community outreach projects including,
       REACH (Rappers Educating All Curriculum Through Hip-Hop),
       and MusicCares.

130. Chung, Donald K. Remembrances of the Forgotten War: A Korean
     American War Veteran's Journeys for Freedom. Introduction by
    William C. Westmoreland.        Pacifica, California: Pacifica Press,
    1995. 185 pages; photographs. ISBN: 093555310x.
       Abstract: Chung describes the process of writing and publishing
       The Three Day Promise, which began when he went to North Korea
       in 1983 and reunited with his three sisters and their families for the
       first time in thirty-three years. After returning to his home and
       medical practice in Long Beach, California, Chung began writing
       articles for the New Korea Times and giving presentations about his
       trip. Careful to protect the welfare of his family, Chung did not
       criticize North Korea. This displeased the South Korean govern-
       ment and even provoked a visit from the FBI. After a second trip
       to North Korea, Chung began writing his memoirs and had them
       published privately. He arranged an initial printing of two thou-
       sand copies and planned to donate all proceeds to the Korean War
       Veterans Memorial Fund. Chung was advised to send the book to
       "Dear Abby," who had publicly supported fundraising for the
       memorial. Abby decided to highlight the book in one of her
       columns and met with Mr. and Mrs. Chung to help them prepare
       for the consequences. Despite Abby's advice, they were woefully
       unprepared when six thousand requests arrived three days after
       the column appeared. In all, Chung raised more than $400,000
       from sales of the book worldwide. He prepared a Korean transla-
       tion that was sold in U.S. Korean communities and in South Korea.
       South Korean television created a fifty-episode television series
       based on the book which aired in 1991 in South Korea and on
       Korean television in the United States. Following the success of
       his book and television series, Chung found that he was no longer
       viewed favorably in North Korea, but was well-loved in South
       Korea. He writes, "I am neither pro-North Korea nor anti-North
       Korea, nor pro-South Korea, nor anti-South Korea. I remain a
       proud and grateful American, and I am, and always have been, a
       supporter of Korea, my one native country" (p. 120). Chung
       received many phone calls, letters, and photographs from readers
106        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         of the book and viewers of the television series. He writes that
         many aged Korean refugees made appointments at his cardiology
         clinic to talk to him and share their own experiences, essentially
         turning his medical practice into "Chung's Refugee Counseling
         Clinic" (p. 126). He concludes his book with a selection of letters
         and photos he received from those who responded to the "Dear
         Abby" column and his book. Many were veterans and families of
         members of the military who were killed in action in Korea.

131. —      The Three     Day Promise:      A Korean      Soldier's     Memoir.
      Tallahassee, Florida: Loiry Publishing House, 1988. 406 pages;
      photographs. 0933703910.
         Notes:   Also   published   Tallahassee,   Florida:   Father   and   Son
         Publishing, 1989, 1990.   ISBN: 0942407067.

         Abstract: In his memoir, Chung describes his years growing up in
         North Korea and Manchuria under the Japanese occupation. Born
         in the far northern Korean village of Taehyang in 1932, Chung
         moved with his family to Harbin, Manchuria, where his father
         worked with the Japanese government.          Chung could speak and
         write Korean, but his first language was Japanese. In Manchuria,
         he was given a Japanese name and attended Japanese schools.
         During World War II, Chung was in the hospital recovering from
         a burst appendix when the United States dropped the atomic
         bomb on Nagasaki and Hiroshima. The Japanese began a quick
         retreat from Manchuria, and Soviet occupying troops began flood-
         ing into the area. Before the family's repatriation to Korea, how-
         ever, Chung witnessed many horrific events, including the gang
         rape of his sister by Soviet troops. When the family returned to
         Korea, they found a home near their native village. Chung attend-
         ed a medical high school and college with the intention of becom-
         ing a doctor. By his second year, medical students were being
         encouraged to join the North Korean Army. Soon the college
         closed and all the students were drafted. Chung escaped, at his
         mother's insistence, by hiding inside a large clay pot. He
         remained in hiding for seven weeks until the advance of the South
         Korean Army put the Chung family within allied territory. Their
         town's liberation was brief, however, and soon the South Korean
         Army was retreating as North Korea advanced with the aid of the
         Chinese. Chung escaped south with the South Korean Army,
         promising his mother that he would return in three days.
         Unfortunately, he was not able to return to his family for another
         thirty-three years, four years after the death of his mother. After
         arriving in the South, Chung was immediately inducted into the
                          The Bibliography                                   107


        South Korean army.      Following the war, he entered Soo-do
        Medical College in Seoul and graduated in 1960. In 1962 Chung
        was accepted into residency at Missouri Baptist Hospital in St.
        Louis. He became certified as a cardiologist, married a young
        South    Korean   woman,   fathered   two   children,   and   eventually
        became a U.S. citizen.

¥62. Clement, Samuel Spottford (b. 1861).        Memoirs of Samuel
     Spottford Clement: Relating Interesting Experiences in Days of
     Slavery and Freedom. Chapel Hill, North Carolina: Academic
     Affairs Library, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill,
     2000.
        http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu/neh/ clement /menu.html
        Notes:   Documenting the American South (Project).

ses Clement, Thomas Park. The Unforgotten War: Dust of the Streets.
    Bloomington, Indiana: Truepeny Publishing Company, 1998.
     139 pages; photographs; poetry. ISBN: 0966795202.
        Notes: Also published [United States]: T. P. Clement.
       Abstract: Clement was born out of wedlock to his Korean mother
       during the height of the Korean War. He assumes that his father
       was an American GI. One day when he was four or five years old,
       his mother abandoned him on the street in the middle of a city. He
       lived on the streets for a year or two, staying with a gang, begging,
       scavenging, and stealing food. Clement was picked up by a
       Methodist Missionary, and taken to an orphanage. The orphanage
       had advantages over the street, but conditions were not good. The
       children received one meal a day, and physical abuse was an
       everyday occurrence. Clement was lucky to be one of the children
       chosen for adoption after the United States passed a law allowing
       Korean adoptees to come into the country. His parents were June
       and Richard Clement, who lived in North Carolina with their
       three children. The home atmosphere was loving and supportive,
       but everything about his new life was different to him. Clement
       was baffled by his sudden inability to communicate. He thought
       the electric lights were fire and that each visit his mother made to
       the grocery store was a prelude to Christmas. Very insecure, he
       lived in fear that his family would leave or that he would be sent
       back to the orphanage. He found that he was constantly remind-
       ed of his differences and took the designation of "Alien" on his
       birth certificate to heart. Clement was very slow to learn English
       and so had a difficult time in school. In high school, he excelled in
108        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         electronics, which gave him some self-confidence and direction.
         He went on to college and graduate school in electrical engineer-
         ing and worked in research and development for a urological
         medical device company before starting his own successful busi-
         ness. Clement met other Korean adoptees for the first time when
         he attended a conference designed especially for that purpose. In
         his book, he gives some advice to adoptive parents of internation-
         al children and to adoptees hoping to find their birth parents. He
         has chosen not to look for his birth mother, although he hopes one
         day to return to visit Korea.

134. Cleveland, Edward       Earl (1921- ). Let the Church Roll On: An
      Autobiography.     Boise, Idaho: Pacific Press          Publishing
      Associates, 1997. 125 pages. ISBN: 0816313830.
         Notes: Originally published by the author in 1974.
         Abstract: Cleveland's father was a devout member of the Church
         of Seventh Day Adventists. He joined the medical corps branch of
         the military during World War I as a conscientious objector and
         risked court martial and even death to uphold his beliefs and the
         requirements of the church. Cleveland shared his father's zeal and
         pursued his education with the intent of becoming a minister.
         Cleveland attended Oakwood College in Huntsville, Alabama,
         during a time when all Seventh Day Adventist institutions were
         segregated by race, including schools, hospitals, and cemeteries.
         Cleveland's dedication for finding lost souls was matched by his
         determination to break down segregation. As an evangelist, he
         never held segregated tent meetings, even when he traveled
         throughout the southern United States, and he refused to observe
         "whites only" restrictions in South Africa. In 1950, he became the
         first black man to teach white students in his denomination. He
         was a founding member of the first Seventh Day Adventist
         Human Rights Committee and was part of the "flying squad" that
         investigated injustice throughout North America. From 1954 to
         1977, Cleveland held the position of associate secretary of the
         Ministerial Association of the General Conference. He was con-
         sidered twice for promotion to vice president, but did not want to
         discontinue his missionary work.     He preached in sixty-seven
         countries on six continents. He is the author of fourteen books,
         including Middle Wall (1969) and Free at Last (1970). When ques-
         tioned about the apparent segregation of churches within his
         denomination, Cleveland explains that all churches and confer-
         ences are integrated, but that
                           The Bibliography                                 109


                  the majority of Blacks have no appetite for the
                  White cultural worship style. So the Black
                  church, born in slavery, will not go away. It is
                  now, and has been, a refuge from the withering
                  winds of social, economic, political, and spiritu-
                  al alienation in our society. An organization can
                  only remove exclusion and foster inclusion. The
                  worship preference must be left to the individ-
                  ual.                                      (p. 100)

135. Cole, Natalie. Angel on My Shoulder: An Autobiography. Written
    with Digby Diehl. New York, New York: Warner Books, 2000.
    353 pages; photographs; discography; index.        ISBN:
    0446527467.
       Notes:     Also   published   in a large print edition     Rockland,
       Massachusetts: Wheeler Publishing, 2000.      ISBN: 1568959915 (448
       pages).
       Abstract: Natalie Cole is the eldest daughter of Nat King Cole, a
       black singer who was wildly popular in the 1950s and 1960s. She
       tells the story of her childhood, her career, and her relationship to
       her family. Raised in Hancock Park, one of the most exclusive
       neighborhoods in the Los Angeles area, Natalie Cole had a com-
       fortable childhood, but her parents were often away from home
       for long stretches of time. She began singing at an early age,
       accompanying her father on an album or two as a child. Nat King
       Cole died in February 1965, when Cole was still in high school.
       She recalls this as the time her family began to fall apart. Cole
       began singing professionally after graduating from the University
       of Massachusetts.     Her first album, in 1975, contained two num-
       ber-one hits, "Inseparable" and "This Will Be." Cole won a
       Grammy award for "This Will Be." She has continued to record
       regularly ever since. Success, however, was not able to keep her
       away from drugs. She and her first husband, Marvin Yancy, were
       both involved in dealing and other illegal activities to maintain
       their heroin and crack habits, and Cole was jailed for drug posses-
       sion a number of times in the United States and Canada.         In 1984,
       she admitted herself into Hazelden, a drug and alcohol rehabilita-
       tion center in Minnesota. After a six-month stay, she was able to
       return home to her son, Robbie and her career.     She has remained
       drug-free ever since. In 1991, she released the album Unforgettable
       _.. With Love, a collection of songs that her father had sung. It
       included a "duet" by Nat and Natalie Cole of "Unforgettable," with
       her voice recorded to blend in with a recording of his. This labor
110         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         of love became a hit throughout the world, and the album sold
         millions of copies, relaunching Cole's career and creating renewed
         interest in the work of her father. The most important result of the
         album, however, was that she was able to start resolving the pain
         she had felt ever since her father's death. Cole also began to over-
         come her lifelong inferiority complex, pulling herself mentally out
         of the shadow of her famous father.     In the concluding chapters,
         Cole discusses the split between the Cole siblings and their moth-
         er over their father's fortune and details of her second marriage.

136. Connerly,       Ward.    Creating   Equal: My Fight against Race
      Preferences.   San Francisco, California: Encounter Books, 2000.
      286 pages; photographs; index. ISBN: 189355404x.
         Abstract:     Ward Connerly became famous for his role, as
         University of California (UC) regent, in ending affirmative action
         practices within the UC system. He explains his position by
         describing his childhood. He lost his mother and was abandoned
         by his father, but was raised with love and discipline by an aunt,
         uncle, and grandmother. His uncle, especially, instilled pride in
         hard work and being able to provide for one's family. At about the
         age of thirteen, his grandmother claimed welfare benefits for him,
         and he chafed against his feelings of shame over this. Just before
         he turned fifteen, he declared that he would never accept another
         welfare check, and he went to work, earning twenty dollars more
         a week than welfare had provided. Based on this background,
         Connerly has always believed that hard work is the way to attain
         goals and that they must be attained in the same way by everyone.
         Connerly went to junior college and college, where he was fortu-
          nate to have mentors who encouraged him to excel.        Pete Wilson,
          then a California State Senator, shared Connerly's views, and he
          asked him to serve on the California assembly's Housing and
          Urban Affairs Committee.     After Wilson was elected governor, he
          appointed Connerly to the University of California Board of
          Regents. It was in this capacity that Connerly became aware of the
          effects of affirmative action, what he calls "race preference." He
          uncovered the admissions formulas that favored minorities, par-
          ticularly blacks, and that, he believed, were biased against whites
          and Asians. Amid enormous publicity and hostile opposition,
          Connerly persuaded the regents that the system was not fair, and,
          in 1995, affirmative action was banned in the UC schools.
          Following this victory, Connerly set his goal to end affirmative
          action in all fifty states. The passing of Proposition 209 accom-
          plished this in California in 1996. The next battlefields were Texas
          in 1997, where     Measure   A was   defeated,   and   in Washington,
                          The Bibliography                               111


        where Initiative 200 was passed in 1999,        Connerly is now
        involved in stopping the practice of affirmative action in Florida.
        He finishes his book by describing academic programs that tutor
        and support underprivileged and underachieving children with
        the goal of bringing them up to a level necessary to successfully
        enter and complete college.

137. Cook-Lynr, Elizabeth. Why I Can't Read Wallace Stegner and
     Other Essays: A Tribal Voice. Madison, Wisconsin: University of
     Wisconsin Press, 1996.        158 pages.   ISBN: 0299151409 :
     0299151441.
       Abstract: When Elizabeth Cook-Lynn was a high school teacher,
       she was recruited, as an enrolled member of the Sioux Nation with
       an undergraduate degree, to enroll in a master's program espe-
       cially developed for American Indians at the University of South
       Dakota. The program was funded by the U.S. government to
       qualify American Indians to work in educational institutions.
       Although attitudes toward such affirmative action became hostile
       and the programs evaporated, Cook-Lynn felt "the affirmative
       action years gave me a brief vision of grace, the hope of a tran-
       scendent time when people like myself would be welcomed as
       American Indians into America’s modern debates concerning socie-
       ty and knowledge which raged then and continue to rage today"
       (p. xi).   After nineteen years (1971 to 1991) teaching and doing
       research at Eastern Washington University, she resigned because
       she felt she had lost the institutional support she needed to do her
       work. This book is divided into five sections. The first is a collec-
        tion of her reviews of works on American Indian topics published
       in the last decade. Most of these reviews were controversial
       because she wrote against publications which were largely well-
       received, but which Cook-Lynn found to have factual and ethical
       problems. The second section includes two essays, including
       "Why I Can't Read Wallace Stegner." Stegner, and many other
       authors of European ancestry, write about Indians, their lands,
       and their culture as though they were virtually extinct. They con-
       clude that the American Indians reached their end in 1890 after the
       massacre of hundreds of Minneconjous at Wounded Knee, South
       Dakota. Although this tragic event further dispossessed Native
       Americans, Cook-Lynn states that the massacre was "the begin-
       ning of hard times," not the end of the culture. The third section
       is chiefly about a novel, Hanta Yo, published in 1979, which con-
       tains many dubious facts about Indians. Part four contains two
       essays on the role of American Indian women historically and
       today. They deal with the differences in the way American Indian
112           Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



            women are perceived within their communities and by the larger
            American society.   In the final section, "The Last Word," Cook-
            Lynn raises a few last additional points and questions.

138. Cool J, LL. See LL Cool J.

139. Cooper, Cynthia.        She Got Game: My Personal Odyssey. Written
      with Russ Pate.       New York, New York: Warner Books, 1999.
      229     pages;    photographs;      index.       ISBN:    0446525669
      0446608394.
            Abstract: Cynthia Cooper was the fourth of her mother's eight
            children. The children were raised in the Watts area of Los
            Angeles, one of the poorest and most crime-ridden urban areas in
            the country. Cooper watched her mother work several jobs at once
            to buy a house and give them all a better life, and Cynthia was
            determined to do what she could to improve herself. In high
            school, she played basketball and did well. She was recruited by
            the University of Southern California, where she played for the
            Lady Trojans. Although the team won the NCAA championship
            and was invited to the White House to meet then-President
            Reagan, her years in college were overshadowed by the death of
            her favorite brother, her mother's struggles to make ends meet,
            and her own inability to keep up with her studies. She quit col-
            lege to work and help support her family and then went back
            because of her strong desire to play basketball. In 1986, still short
            of graduation, she received an offer to play for a professional team
            in Spain and left to play basketball in Europe. For ten years she
            was one of the top players there, first in Spain and then in Italy.
            She loved life in Italy, where she was well known and loved, and
            she learned to speak the language. Cooper has played on two
            Olympic teams; in 1988, she was on the U.S. women's basketball
            team that won the gold medal in Seoul.       In 1992, the team was
            upset in Barcelona, but, with the participation that year of the
            men’s so-called Dream Team, the National Basketball Association
            finally took a serious look at women's basketball and set the
            wheels in motion for professional women's basketball in the
            United States. Cooper was one of the sixteen original stars chosen
            to be distributed evenly throughout the original eight WNBA
            teams.   She was sent to the Houston Comets, and starting at the
            age of 34, she was able to lead the Comets to the national champi-
            onship three years in a row. As the book ends, Cooper describes
            her elation at belated recognition, her plans to continue playing
            basketball, and her hopes and dreams for her nieces and nephews,
                           The Bibliography                            13


       seven of whom she is raising herself. She continues to speak out
       publicly to encourage girls, especially those from underprivileged
       backgrounds, to set ambitious goals for themselves.

140. Coppin, Fanny Jackson. Reminiscences of School Life, and Hints
     on Teaching.  Introduction by Shelley P. Haley.        African
    American Women          Writers, 1910-1940.    New York, New York:
    G. K. Hall and Company, 1995. 191 pages; photographs. ISBN:
    0816116334 : 0783813961.
       Notes: Originally published Philadelphia: A.M.E. Book Concern,
        1913.
       Abstract:     Fanny Jackson Coppin's grandfather bought his own
       freedom and that of four of his daughters, but for some reason,
       perhaps because his fifth daughter had a child, did not buy
       Fanny's mother's freedom. Coppin herself was freed by her aunt,
       Sarah Orr Clark, "who, working at six dollars     a month saved one
       hundred and twenty-five dollars, and bought my freedom" (dedi-
       cation page).     Coppin went to work as soon as she received her
       freedom. She attended school except on washing day, ironing day,
       and cleaning day. Despite the difficulty of gaining an education,
       she was able to enroll in the Rhode Island State Normal School
       and later to attend Oberlin College, the only college in the United
       States at that time to enroll African-American students. Upon
       graduating, she taught in Philadelphia, where schools and servic-
       es were segregated and employment options for African
       Americans were few. Coppin, along with the other teachers at the
       Friends Institute for Colored Youth, worked to add an industrial
       institute to the school so that African Americans would have the
       opportunity to learn a trade. In response to the general refrain of
       "we do not employ colored people," Mrs. Coppin reflects,
                   Thank heaven, we are not obliged to do and die,
                   having the preference to do or die, we naturally
                   prefer to do. But we can not help wondering if
                   some ignorant or faithless steward of God's
                   work and God's money hasn't blundered.     It
                   seems necessary that we should make known to
                the good men and women who are so solicitous
                about our souls and our minds that we haven't
                quite got rid of our bodies yet, and until we do
                we must feed and clothe them.         (pp. 36-37)
       After successfully raising money for the industrial institute,
       Coppin worked for the Christian Recorder, a newspaper published
114        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        by African Americans, to raise money to pay off their debt. She
        traveled to England in 1888 as a delegate of the Women's Home
        Missionary Society of the A.M.E. Church, and also to South Africa
        in 1900 as a missionary with her husband, Bishop L. J. Coppin. A
        large portion of her work is dedicated to a discourse on elemen-
        tary education teaching methods.

141. Cox, Suzy. Diary of a Secretary: Humility and Pain. Capitol
     Heights, Maryland: Suzy Cox & Company, 1997. 166 pages.
     ISBN: 0964504219.

142. Cross, Dolores E.      Breaking through the Wall: A Marathoner’s
      Story. Chicago, Illinois: Third World Press, 2000.          242 pages;
      photographs.     ISBN: 0883781654: 0883781662.
         Abstract: Dolores Cross, a prominent African-American educator,
         was an insecure child who stuttered. Her mother was often too ill
         to care for her children. Cross was encouraged to go to college by
         a co-worker of her mother's, and in 1954, she entered Seton Hall
         University.   She married a fellow student at age nineteen and
         focused on getting her husband through school. Cross graduated
         eight years after she began college, by which time she had two
         children. She describes the difficulty black students had in college
         in those days because of the lack of support or mentorship from
         their schools.   Cross earned her Ph.D. at the University of
         Michigan in 1971 and was hired by Northwestern University as
         assistant professor in education and director at the School of
         Education's master of arts in teaching program. She moved to
         California when she was appointed Director of Teacher Education
         by the Claremont Graduate School.      After four years there, at the
         age of forty, the City University of New York chose her as its first
         black female vice chancellor. Based on her achievements in this
         position, she was appointed by the governor of New York to serve
         as president of the New York State Higher Education Services
         Corporation. In this capacity, she worked to provide financial
         assistance to struggling college students.   In 1988, Cross went on
         to the University of Minnesota and then was chosen to serve as
         president of Chicago State University (CSU), a struggling school
         on Chicago's South Side with a student body that was ninety-per-
         cent black. During her eight years at CSU, Cross did much to turn
         the school around, including increasing retention, improving its
         financial situation, and building facilities. At age fifty, she ran her
         first long-distance race, the New York City Marathon. Running
         was a physical discipline that helped her center herself and keep
                         The Bibliography                                 115


        herself calm and under control. After retiring from CSU and hav-
        ing a hard time finding work she wanted to do as she turned sixty,
        Cross used running as a form of therapy, keeping up her practice
        schedule as far as she was physically and mentally capable. In
        1998, she was recruited as president of Morris Brown College, one
        of the six traditionally black colleges in Atlanta, Georgia. She feels
        it was her running that helped her make the transition to life in the
        South, where she has found a new home and satisfying work.

143. Cuffe, Paul (1759-1817).      Captain Paul Cuffe's Logs and Letters,
     1808-1817: A Black Quaker’s "Voice from Within the Veil.” Edited
     by Rosalind Cobb Wiggins. Introduction by Rhett S. Jones.
     Washington, D.C.: Howard University Press, 1996. 529 pages;
     illustrations; maps; index; facsimiles.     ISBN: 088258183X.
        Notes: Cuffe's memoir was originally published York, England: C.
        Peacock, 1811. It is available in microform. The original is held in
        the Schomburg Collection, New York Public Library.
        Abstract: Cuffe was born in Massachusetts in the middle of the
        eighteenth century. His father was a freed slave born in Ghana
        and his mother was a Wampanoag Indian from Martha's
       Vineyard. Cuffe's father, who was self-taught, managed to pur-
       chase property and run a successful business. Because Cuffe's
       father had been bought by Quakers, the family was familiar and
       sympathetic with Quaker teachings. Cuffe himself was heavily
       involved with the Society of Friends, both as a religious faith and
       through trading relationships. Like his father, Cuffe was a diligent
       entrepreneur. As an adult, he broke all prevailing stereotypes of
       African Americans because he was a wealthy landowner and lit-
       erate. He was active as a social reformer, and he opened a school
       on his own property known as Cuff's [sic] School, which was open
       to all children in the village, regardless of race. Cuffe worked in
       the shipping industry. With his brother-in-law as a partner, he
       built and sailed his own ships. His crews included extended fam-
       ily and were generally all black. He traded, fished, and whaled up
       and down the East Coast. Traveling south required great care,
       because Cuffe or any of his crew could be kidnapped and pressed
       into slavery due to the Fugitive Slave Law, which required only
       the word of a white man as proof of ownership. Cuffe sought to
       create a new climate of trade with West Africa, which would ben-
       efit both Africans and African Americans by creating a healthy
       trade in goods rather than in humans.      To do this, Cuffe sailed to
       Sierra Leone, setting up the Friendly Society in Freetown and a
       companion entity, African Institutions, in the United States. He
116        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         sought support from businessmen and philanthropists in the
         United States and England, primarily among Quaker acquain-
         tances and colleagues, to set up markets and connections. Cuffe
         died in 1817, probably from heart disease. Cuffe's letters and logs
         cover his financial and business dealings, his voyages to England
         and Sierra Leone, and his trips to Washington, D.C., to meet with
         the House of Representatives and to speak with President
         Madison. Editor Wiggins provides two historical and interpretive
         essays: "Introducing Captain Paul Cuffe, Friend," and
         "Preparations for a Voyage.” Rhett S. Jones provides an extensive
         historical introduction, "The African Diaspora in British North
         America in the Time of Paul Cuffe."

144. Curtis, Florence Hargrave       (1935- ).     Daughter, Be Somebody.
      Buffalo, New York: Cupelo Press, 1997.           281 pages; photo-
      graphs; maps. ISBN: none.

145. D, Chuck.      See Chuck D.

146. Daly, James A. Black Prisoner of War: A Conscientious Objector’s
      Vietnam     Memoir.   Lawrence,    Kansas:    University   of Kansas
      Press, 2000. 267 pages. ISBN: 0700610596 : 070061060x.
         Notes: Originally titled A Hero’s Welcome. Indianapolis, Indiana:
         Bobbs-Merrill, 1975. ISBN: 0672520303.

147. Dandridge, Dorothy.     Everything and Nothing: The Dorothy
     Dandridge Tragedy. Written with Earl Conrad. New York, New
      York: HarperCollins, 2000.        240 pages; photographs.       ISBN:
      0060956755.
         Notes:    Also available in paperback from Harper Perennial (229
         pages); originally published New York: Abelard-Schuman,       1970.
         ISBN: 0200716905 (215 pages).

148. Danquah, Meri Nana-Ama.         Willow Weep for Me: A Black
     Woman's Journey through Depression, a Memoir. New York, New
      York: W. W. Norton & Company, 1998.              272 pages.     ISBN:
      0393045676.
         Notes: Also published in paperback New York: One World, 1999.
         ISBN: 0345432134.
                         The Bibliography                                117



        Abstract: Meri Nana-Ama Danquah immigrated to the United
        States from Ghana with her family as a child. As a young adult
        she began to experience serious bouts of clinical depression.     In
       her book, Danquah explores the possible causes of her illness:
       childhood trauma, foreign roots, life as a minority female, child-
       birth, failed relationships, and genetic predisposition. She traces
       her struggle with depression through many years until she is able
       to acknowledge it and seek help. Her belief that depression was a
       "white disease" created an obstacle to Danquah seeking help. She
       found that people were dismissive when she mentioned she was
       depressed and that there was a pervasive stereotype of black
       women as towers of strength and positive thinking, able to with-
       stand any hardship. A Washington Post article on depression in the
       black community opened her eyes to its pervasiveness. She real-
       ized, "We are the walking wounded. And we suffer alone because
       we don't know that there are others like us" (p. 184). She made
       many attempts to seek professional help, finally deciding that
       even though she required the assistance of doctors and therapists,
       she must take control of her situation herself.
                 I was sick and tired of waiting for miracles, wait-
                 ing for approval, waiting for happiness. For
                 years I had been waiting, asking over and over
                 and over and over, "Why me?" and I never found
                 the answer so I figured what the hell, and decid-
                 ed to try asking, "Why not me?"           (p. 230)
       She was motivated to not give up on life because of her desire to
       succeed   as a writer, the impact her disease could have on her
       young daughter, and the fact that her younger sister was also
       struggling with depression.

149. Darkins, Claudia M. A Name I Can't Read: The Rocky Road to
     Literacy: A Mother's Story. Houston, Texas: Cane Publishing,
     1998. 197 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0964815400.
       Abstract: Darkins writes about the school careers of her two sons.
       The abilities of both boys were constantly underestimated by their
       teachers, and they were left to languish scholastically despite their
       expressed desire to learn. The eldest, Gregory, was earmarked for
       special help as soon as he began school, even though there was no
       proof of any special needs, and he was generally discriminated
       against by his teacher. The younger, Chris, a precocious child, was
       consistently assigned work that was below grade level, despite
       test results which showed him several years ahead. By the time
       Gregory was in high school, he was so discouraged that he was
118        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        unable to complete his education. Several years later, he achieved
        a GED and started his own business. Chris managed to struggle
        through and entered college. While in college, he excelled scholas-
        tically and athletically and was drafted by the Green Bay Packers
        football team. Darkins explains her purpose in writing the book:
                  My hope is that every person who reads this
                  story will take a demonstrative interest in cor-
                  recting the problems that cause our children to
                  fail. Correcting problems of this nature is the
                  responsibility of entire communities because the
                  problem is bigger than those directly affected.
                                                            (p. 191)

150. Davenport, R. J., Ill. Memoirs of a Regular Guy. San Jose,
     California: Writers Club Press, 1999.     99 pages. ISBN:
     0595088759.
        Abstract: R. J. Davenport's most significant memories start when
        he was twelve years old. He lived with his mother and siblings in
        Germantown,      Pennsylvania.   Most of his friends were from his
        block, so it was difficult for him socially when his African-
        American family moved to an apartment complex inhabited pri-
        marily by white senior citizens. He became obsessed with graffiti
        and started to skip school and to shoplift. He failed ninth grade.
        The family moved back to Germantown, and Davenport was able
        to get back on course with school work. He went on to college,
        and now works as a computer consultant and writer.

151. Davis, Eric.     Born to Play: The Eric Davis Story: Life Lessons in
      Overcoming Adversity on and off the Field. Written with Ralph
      Wiley. New York, New York: Viking, 1999. 278 pages; photo-
      graphs. ISBN: 0670885118.
         Notes:     Also published New   York: Signet Books, 2000.     ISBN:
         0451201043 (324 pages).

         Abstract: Eric Davis was raised in Los Angeles, the son of a home-
         maker and a man who worked two jobs for many years to support
         his family. Davis credits his father's work ethic for keeping him
         motivated throughout a brilliant but difficult professional baseball
         career. A natural athlete as a child, Davis was drafted by the
         Cincinnati Reds after he graduated from high school in 1980. He
         never missed practice or games, but was constantly getting
         injured in the outfield, running into walls to catch balls. He was
         criticized for his time on the injured list by the Cincinnati media,
                         The Bibliography                               119



        but managed to hit and field well when he played. In 1990, Davis
        was one of the strongest players on the Reds team that beat the
        Oakland A's in the World Series, but in the last game of their four-
        game sweep, Davis dived for a ball and fell, destroying one of his
       kidneys. He recovered from the near-fatal injury, but was deeply
       disappointed to discover that his team had left him in Oakland in
       a hospital intensive care unit, and gone back to Cincinnati to cele-
       brate their victory without him. After playing with the Los
       Angeles Dodgers and Detroit Tigers he retired in 1994 at the age of
       thirty-two after his seventh surgery in eight years. He and his
       wife and daughters enjoyed retirement, but in 1996, he went back
       to the sport, playing with the Reds again and then the Baltimore
       Orioles. After a few months with the Orioles, Davis was diag-
       nosed with colon cancer and underwent surgery to remove the
       tumor.    While still undergoing a course of chemotherapy, he
       resumed the season and went on to have a spectacular year with
       the Orioles, hitting in thirty straight games. The next year, he was
       offered a better salary with the St. Louis Cardinals, and the book
       ends as he looks forward to the 1999 season. Davis appreciates the
       love and upbringing he received from his parents and the guid-
       ance given him by older baseball players. He tries to return the
       favor by looking after new players. He participates in various
       organizations aimed at helping and encouraging underprivileged
       young people, and he serves as a national spokesperson for the
       National Cancer Society.

152. Davis, Flora P.     Don’t Cry.     Written with Lauree G. Lane.
    Atlanta, Georgia: Naja Press, 1995.        159 pages; photographs.
    ISBN: 096494670x.
       Abstract: Davis grew up with seven brothers and sisters on the
       farm given to her grandfather by his former owner. Davis pro-
       vides the history of her family and describes social and religious
       life in Mt. Olive, North Carolina. Her family prospered on what
       they could grow and raise on their farm. Davis explains the
       preparation of food, the methods used for growing and preserving
       produce and raising and butchering livestock. Davis's parents
       believed that education was paramount. They sent their children
       to school, instructing them to return home and teach their parents
       what they had learned. Six of the eight children went to college
       and two, including Davis, earned Ph.D.s. Davis earned her B.A. at
       Hampton Institute, her master's degree from Columbia University,
       and her Ph.D. from Walden University. She did post-graduate
       work in foods and nutrition at several U.S. universities, and also
       studied in France, England, and Italy. Davis provides a detailed
120        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        account of the educational accomplishments of her siblings and of
        the two brothers that remained at home to run the farm. She
        writes of the emotion she feels when she thinks of the progress her
        family has made in just one generation.

153. Davis, Noah (b. 1903). A Narrative of the Life of Rev. Noah Davis
      a Colored Man: Written by Himself, at the Age of Fifty-Four.
      Chapel   Hill, North      Carolina:    Academic    Affairs   Library,
      University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, 1999.
        http://metalab.unc.edu/docsouth/neh/davisn/sgml
        http:/ /metalab.unc.edu/docsouth/neh/davisn/html
         Notes: Documenting the American South (Project).

154. Davis, Ossie and Ruby Dee. With Ossie and Ruby: In This Life
     Together. New York, New York: William Morrow & Company,
     1998. 476 pages; photographs; index; acting credits. ISBN:
     0688153968.
         Notes: Published in paperback, New York: Quill, 2000.        ISBN:
         0688175821.
         Abstract: Actors Ossie Davis and Ruby Dee tell how they began
         their careers and how they met each other and married. Davis
         was a student at Howard University when Marian Anderson sang
         on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial in 1939. The event "sealed"
         his calling, and he and a friend went to New York City to pursue
         acting. Dee grew up in New York and began acting while still a
         student at Hunter College. She acted in many film and stage pro-
         ductions, often starring opposite Sidney Poitier.   She had a suc-
         cessful run performing a one-woman show she wrote called My
         One Good Nerve. Davis had a successful career as an actor and film
         director. His dream of writing a play of his own was realized with
         Purlie Victorious in the 1960s.    Together they appeared in many
         screen and stage productions, hosted a syndicated radio show, The
         Ossie Davis and Ruby Dee Story Hour, and ran their own production
         company for several years. The couple has three children, all of
         whom work in the entertainment industry. The book discusses
         their philosophy of child-rearing and family. Social activists as
         well as entertainers, the couple has been involved in the Civil
         Rights Movement, politics, and many humanitarian activities.
                         The Bibliography                               121


155. Davis, Sammy, Jr. (1925-1990). Sammy: An Autobiography. [With
    Material Newly Revised from Yes I Can and Why Me?].            Written
    with Burt Boyar and Jane Boyar.         New York, New York: Farrar,
    Straus, and Giroux, 2000.        533 pages; photographs.         ISBN:
    0374293554.
       Abstract: This autobiography of Sammy Davis, Jr. was published
       ten years after his death in 1990.   Cowriter Burt Boyar who, with
       his wife, collaborated on Davis's previous memoirs, Yes, I Can: The
       Story of Sammy Davis, Jr. in 1966 and Why Me?: The Autobiography
       of Sammy Davis, Jr. in 1989, revised the material from these two
       books, incorporated unpublished material, and added a new
       introduction and epilogue. Davis was born in the 1920s and began
       traveling at the age of three with his father and his father's part-
       ner, who were in vaudeville. Soon after, they began featuring
       Davis in their act, the Will Mastin Trio. Davis never went to
       school. During his younger years, he was at the mercy of nation-
       wide segregationist practices: when he was hired to perform at a
       hotel, he had to find a place to room elsewhere; in Las Vegas, he
       could not gamble in the casinos. Many popular performers, most
       notably Frank Sinatra, took him under their wing and helped pro-
       mote his career. Davis was still subjected to constant snubs and
       blatant discrimination   by whites, while, ironically, black society
       had little appreciation for him and considered him to be a sell-out
       to white audiences. For example, he campaigned for the Kennedy
       brothers at their request, but was slighted by them when having a
       black man around became a political liability. Under President
       Nixon, he served on committees looking into problems prevalent
       in black society. He also went to Vietnam to study the drug abuse
       problems in the U.S. Army, managing to create rapport with black
       troops and bringing their demands back to the president. The
       more he was appreciated by the Republicans, however, the more
       he was despised by the Democrats and mainstream blacks.
       Eventually, bitterness became the driving force behind everything
       he did. When he became famous, he spent more money than he
       had in an effort to prove to himself that he was as good as anyone.
       Davis got his greatest gratification from his associations with the
       rich and famous and from frequenting clubs and hotels which had
       never before admitted blacks. Davis liked to surround himself
       with his friends and expensive possessions to create a cocoon of
       security in his own home.   He married Swedish model May Britt,
       but found it impossible to focus on his family, rather than on him-
       self and his lifestyle. Britt left him after several years. Later he
       married Altovise, a woman who shared his bon vivant attitudes
       and agreed to an open marriage. Davis was constantly in demand
122         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         at hotels and night clubs, playing to packed houses his entire
         career. By his late fifties, however, Davis's lifestyle caught up with
         him. He was diagnosed with liver problems and suffered a gen-
         eral breakdown of health. He managed to change his habits, how-
         ever, and went back to performing. In 1988 and 1989, until a few
         months before his death, Davis, Frank Sinatra, and Dean Martin
         staged a tour which played to packed halls and stadiums through-
         out the country.

156. Davis, Terrell.      TD: Dreams    in Motion.     Written with Adam
      Schefter.      New York, New York: HarperCollins, 1998.              204
      pages; photographs. ISBN: 0060192828 : 0061098825.
         Notes:      1999 paperback edition includes a new       chapter (296
         pages).
         Abstract:     National Football League player Terrell Davis writes
         about his life, with the focus on the two Super Bowl wins by his
         team the Denver Broncos; first in 1998 (XXXII) against the Green
         Bay Packers, for which he was named Super Bowl Most Valuable
         Player, and then in 1999 (XXXIID) against the Atlanta Falcons. In
         1998, Davis became one of a handful of players to ever rush for
         over 2000 yards in a single season, and he was named the NFL's
         Most Valuable Player that year. Davis was born the youngest of
         six boys and had a turbulent home life. He talks about how he
         learned important lessons that kept him away from drinking, cig-
         arettes, and drugs and how a night spent in jail after a botched
         robbery convinced him never to do anything that would cause
         him to return. All his life, Davis has been plagued by migraine
         headaches, a condition that left him incapacitated for days at a
         time throughout his youth. Despite disadvantages and health
         problems, Davis participated in sports and did exceptionally well
         in football. Although he played in high school, he was not active-
         ly recruited but managed to get a football scholarship to the
         University of Georgia. As a senior, he was drafted into the NFL by
         the Denver Broncos in the final round, a position informally
         known as Mr. Irrelevant. Sheer determination and hard work dur-
         ing training sessions brought him to the attention of Bronco coach-
         es, and he started his rookie year on the first team. Davis talks
         about his family, the support of his mother, and the importance of
         hard work, determination and taking care of one's health. He dis-
         cusses other young men who he feels were more talented than he,
         but who were not successful because they did not have the drive
         to make something of themselves.
                            The Bibliography                                     123


157. Dawson-Batts,      Ruth.    Ruth   Jeanette   Dawson-Batts:       Reflective
    Years, Reflective Moments: My Memoirs.     Waco, Texas: R.
    Dawson-Batts, 1996.     316 pages; photographs; facsimiles.
    ISBN: none.
       Abstract: Ruth Dawson-Batts has put together a collection of pho-
       tographs of her extended family: grandparents, parents, siblings,
       grandchildren, nieces, nephews, and in-laws. Along with the pho-
       tographs, she has included family trees and documentation of
       achievements     and events such as weddings, awards, and retire-
       ments. Dawson-Batts has written a brief biography of each of her
       siblings, herself, her parents and grandparents. Born in Rocky
       Branch,     Texas,   Dawson-Batts   attended       school   there   and    in
       Wortham, Texas. She attended Huston-Tillotson and Prairie View
       A&M University, majoring in home economics and science. She
       also earned a master's degree in elementary education. Dawson-
       Batts and her husband, Fred Jr., were both teachers and school
       principals. She has been a member of many organizations, includ-
       ing the Huston-Tillotson Alumni Association and the YWCA and
       has participated in educational         programs     such as Crossover
       Program for Successful Integration and the Texas Association for
       Childhood Education.       She and her husband have been active in
       many community service organizations in the city of Waco.

158. Dawson,     George.      Life Is So Good.      Written with Richard
    Glaubman.      New York, New York: Random House, 2000.                       260
    pages. ISBN: 037550396x.
       Notes: Also published in a large print edition New York: Random
       House, 2000. ISBN: 0739408585 (477 pages); New York: Penguin,
       2001.    ISBN: 0141001682; large print edition Rockland,
       Massachusetts: Compass Press, 2000.        ISBN: 1568959370 (364
       pages).
       Abstract:    George    Dawson,   born   in 1898, first made     the news
       when he began taking adult basic education classes near his home
       at the age of ninety-eight. Richard Glaubman, a schoolteacher
       from the state of Washington, took an interest in Dawson's story
       and began setting it down as narrated to him. George Dawson
       was born and raised in Marshall, Texas. The eldest of five children
       in a poor family, he never had the opportunity to attend school
       because he had to help his parents make a living. As a child,
       Dawson was carefully trained to avoid causing trouble with white
       people, and at age twelve, he was hired out to a white family in
       return for room, board, and a weekly salary. He worked harder
124      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



       than anyone and was unfailingly polite in all of his dealings with
       whites. On his twenty-first birthday, his father pronounced him
       an independent man, and he left home to see the world.       Dawson
       traveled through the South, living and working in Tennessee and
       New Orleans, and he traveled to Cincinnati and Canada.        He also
       went to Mexico, where he was astounded to be treated as an equal
       by people of all colors. He was tempted to stay there, but felt
       drawn back to his family. Dawson eventually settled in Texas,
       married, and raised seven children.       He worked   at a dairy and,
       because he couldn't read, taught himself how to operate and
       repair complicated machinery by taking it apart to see how it
       worked. He helped his children with their homework every night,
       asking them to read their assignments aloud and never revealing
       his lack of education. All of his children graduated from both high
       school and college. Dawson outlived four wives. At age ninety-
       eight, after ten years of living alone in retirement, he decided to
       join an adult education program, thus beginning his career as a
       full-time student.     He learned to read and, at age 101, was still
       attending school each day. As Glaubman researched the book, he
       asked Dawson about many of the most important historical events
       in the twentieth century, such as World War I and IL, the Great
       Depression, the spread of the automobile, the Scopes trial, and the
       Civil Rights Movement.       Dawson talks about these events in the
       context of his own life.

159. De Ferrari, Gabriella. Gringa Latina: A Woman of Two Worlds.
     Boston, Massachusetts: Houghton Mifflin, 1995. 176 pages.
     ISBN: 0395709342.
       Notes:   Also published New York: Kodansha International, 1996.
       ISBN: 1568361459.

       Abstract:   Gabriella de Ferrari was born and raised in Tacna, a
       small city in Peru.     Her parents were Italians who immigrated to
       South America.       Her family was one of the wealthiest in town; her
       father was well-known for his wisdom and generosity and her
       mother was famous for her garden and her cooking. The Italian
       Day that her parents held in their home every June was one of the
       major social events of the city. De Ferrari had a difficult time in
       school because the other children and many of the teachers treat-
       ed the wealthy students differently from the rest, and indeed the
       well-to-do families themselves made sure that their children did
       not mix too thoroughly with the locals. She was sent to England
       for a year of schooling, and upon her return she went on a hunger
       fast until her parents agreed to send her to the United States for
                            The Bibliography                            125



        college to a small Catholic school in St. Louis. In Peru, de Ferrari
        was known as a gringa or white woman. At college, she became
        famous as the only Latina at her school. Life in the eastern U.S.
        and her marriage to a man in a "proper" New England family in
        which emotional displays were firmly discouraged further
        emphasized the Latin side of her upbringing. After years in the
        United States, she began to put together her own identity and to
        accept the many different cultures that she embodies. As the book
        ends, she is flying back to her home and family in New York after
        her mother's funeral in Peru. She looks forward to going home,
        "to my friends, who have accepted me so unquestioningly; to
        being an adult; to living my life as my own version of a gringa
        Latina" (p. 159).
160. Dee, Ruby. My One Good Nerve. Introduction by Ossie Davis.
    New    York, New York: John Wiley & Sons, 1999.             178 pages;
    photographs. ISBN: 0471317047.
        Notes: Originally published by Third World Press as My One Good
        Nerve: Rhythms, Rhymes, Reasons, 1986.     ISBN: 088378114X :
        0883781158 (124 pages).
        Abstract: This book is a collection of poetry and essays written by
        renowned actress Ruby Dee and used in her one-woman show My
        One Good Nerve. The pieces are divided up into sections, with an
        introduction to each by the author. The sections include remem-
        brances about her childhood and family, a tribute to her husband,
        Ossie Davis, and their fifty-year marriage, social commentary on
        young black artists, and tributes to people who have influenced
        her and others and whom she describes as "unorthodox." Dee also
        writes about her children and provides social commentary.

161. Deernose, Agnes Yellowtail.      See Voget, Eric.

162. Delaney, Samuel R. Heavenly Breakfast: An Essay on the Winter
     of Love. Flint, Michigan: Bamberger Books, 1997. 115 pages.
     ISBN: 0917453336.
       Notes: Originally published New York: Bantam Books, 1979.
126        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



163. Delany, Sarah Louise (1889- ). On My Own at 107: Reflections on
     Life without Bessie. Written with Amy Hill Hearth. Illustrations
      by Brian M. Kotzky.        San Francisco, California: HarperSan-
      Francisco, 1997. 151 pages; illustrations; photographs.            ISBN:
      0062514857 : 0062514865.
         Abstract: In 1993, when Sara (Sadie) and Annie Elizabeth (Bessie)
         Delany were 104 and 102 respectively, they were catapulted to
         fame with their best-selling book Having Our Say: The Delany
         Sisters’ First 100 Years. In 1994, they published their second book,
         The Delany Sisters’ Book of Everyday Wisdom. The first book was
         adapted as a Broadway production and is in the process of becom-
         ing a motion picture. The two sisters were born into an elite
         African-American family of ten children, many of whom became
         well known in black society in New York. Both sisters were edu-
         cated professionals.   Sadie was a teacher, the first black woman to
         teach domestic science on the high-school level in New York City.
         She retired at the age of 70. Bessie was only the second black
         woman licensed to practice dentistry in New York, and she had a
         successful practice for many years. Both forewent marriage so
         they could continue their careers, and they lived together their
         entire lives.   Bessie died on September 25, 1995, leaving Sadie as
         the last surviving Delany sibling. On her own for the first time in
         her life, Sadie writes a series of reflections on the life of her sister
         and their relationship. She talks about Bessie's funeral and the
         reaction of people to her death, the state of Bessie's beloved gar-
         den, and how she, Sadie, is learning to deal with her solitary life.
         Sadie celebrated her 107‘ birthday almost exactly a year after her
         sister died, and the book ends with her birthday party and her
         decision to make the most of her remaining years. The book is
         illustrated with paintings of many of Bessie's favorite flowers, and
         of the Delany Sisters Rose, a rose of two colors, red and ivory, that
         was developed by a man in Maryland, J. Benjamin Williams, and
         presented to Sadie as a birthday present.

164. Derricotte, Toi. The Black Notebooks: An Interior Journey. New
     York, New York: W. W. Norton & Company, 1997. 205 pages.
     ISBN: 0393045447 : 0393319016.
         Notes: Published in paperback in 1999.
         Abstract: Poet Toi Derricotte wrote this book using material from
         journals she kept over a twenty-year period. She explains her
         motivation for writing the book,
                        The Bibliography                               127



                 My writing was an expiation, a penance. It was
                 a way I gained distance and control. It was
                 finally a way to transform what I hated and
                 denied into something beautiful and true.
                 Ironically, it became the way I took on, publicly
                 and irrevocably, the very identity I was
                 ambivalent about.                          (p. 15)
       The book uses many of Derricotte's own experiences as a very
       light-skinned black woman, including house-hunting in a white
       neighborhood, not being allowed to join the whites-only Tall Oaks
       Country Club, having to endure racist comments from unsuspect-
       ing white people and then agonize over whether to reveal her race
       to them, struggles to resolve her relationship with her mother, and
       the inability to save her marriage. Along with her own comments,
       she presents the opinions and reactions of her friends, colleagues,
       family, and the schoolchildren and graduate students she has
       taught over the years, white and black, light-skinned and dark.
       The discussion is both an emotional and intellectual one which
       does not seek a right or wrong answer but which examines the
       reasons behind the reactions that different people can have to the
       same people and events. She concludes:
                Later, someone asked me if writing The Black
                Notebooks had helped me to get better, and I
                talked about writing it in the middle of a terrible
                depression, being overwhelmed by feelings of
                shame. I said that by writing The Black Notebooks,
                I have come to realize that we negotiate a very
                complicated reality, and that we do the best we
                can, and that there is no perfect past to go back
                to. It is at this point of understanding that I
                think we develop compassion for ourselves and
                each other.                                (p. 202)

165. Dickerson, Debra J. (1959- ). An American Story. New York,
     New York: Pantheon Books, 2000.         285 pages.   ISBN:
     037542069x.
       Notes: Published in paperback New York: Anchor Books, 2001.
       ISBN: 0385720289.
       Abstract: Debra Dickerson grew up in a poor but hard-working
       family in North St. Louis. She attended an elementary school for
       gifted children where she developed a love of language and read-
       ing. This, and her devotion to her studies, isolated her from oth-
128     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


      ers in her family and neighborhood and offered her a means of
      escape from a harsh existence. Dickerson was recruited by many
      elite colleges, but because of her father's attitude that women were
      of secondary importance to men, she had no confidence in herself.
                I wouldn't last a week at a university before I'd
                be found out as the unworthy upstart I was and
                thrown out.     I saw no connection between my
                intellectual yearnings, my grades, and a college
                education. ... No one had to tell me I couldn't
                go to college because I was poor and black.
                                                             (p. 70)
      Dickerson found a place for herself in the Air Force where she was
      rewarded for her hard work and her desire to achieve and learn.
      She also developed very conservative beliefs that distanced her
      even more from her family and neighborhood and made it diffi-
      cult for her to identify with other African Americans. She went
      from the Air Force on to college and then to Harvard Law School.
      Gradually, she found herself becoming more and more politically
      engaged. She realized that there were social forces that worked
      against individuals and that African Americans were not respon-
      sible for all of the difficulties they encountered.   "In 1983, I hated
      to come home because their 'choices' so infuriated me. By 1986 I
      hated to come because I was so infuriated for them. Was a life of
      simple dignity, whatever your aspirations or status, too much to
      ask?" (p. 188). Dickerson always struggled with fitting in no mat-
      ter where she was or what she was engaged in. She said she was
      the
                Harvard trained, world-traveled, neurotic attor-
                ney turned writer with a Gold Card . . . who
                would rather have eaten cornbread and collards
                than sushi, rather have listened to gospel than
                hip-hop . . . [b]ut whose favorite food, next to
                fried chicken and mustard greens is Vietnamese.
                Who loves classical music and opera as well as
                the blues."                                 (p. 278)
      Dickerson   is a senior   fellow at the New     America   Foundation,
      where she writes about poverty and race. She also writes for a
      number of prominent news magazines both print-based and elec-
      tronic.
                         The Bibliography                              129



166. Dickerson, Mahala Ashley (b. 1912). Delayed Justice for Sale: An
    Autobiography. Anchorage, Alaska: Al-Acres, 1998. 263 pages;
    photographs. ISBN: 0966562100.
        Abstract:    Born in 1912 in Montgomery, Alabama, Mahala
        Dickerson became the first black female attorney in the state of
        Alabama. She attended Miss White's School, a school dedicated to
        the education of young black girls, where Rosa (McCauley) Parks
        was one of her classmates and a long-time friend. Dickerson
        received her B.A. from Fisk and her law degree from Howard
        University. Because Phi Beta Kappa was not allowed on black
        campuses at the time she graduated, Dickerson received her key
        fifty-one years later. She practiced law in Alabama, Indiana, and
        Alaska.   In her work, Dickerson always championed the under-
        dog. In Alabama, she was one of the few lawyers to whom black
        people could turn to challenge the vicious injustice of a system
        driven by racism. She wrote that she began to feel settled in her
        life and with her career despite the "injustice which my practice
        was unearthing being even deeper than what I thought it was as a
        lay person" (p. 62). When she moved to Alaska, it took her a year,
        rather than the customary ninety days, to get her license to prac-
        tice law there. She faced both gender and race discrimination
        from other attorneys and from the courts. She became embroiled
        in a wide-ranging suit stemming from false charges brought
        against her by the district attorney's office. When Dickerson was
        finally cleared of the charges, she reflected that the reason God
       intended her to be a lawyer was so "I would be able to represent
       myself in the many travails I would have trying to protect the
       rights of the underdogs, who are not the favorites of society or of
       the courts” (pp. 99-98). Despite the difficulties Dickerson encoun-
       tered in setting up practice in Alaska, she loves the state and has
       enjoyed a successful career dedicated to pursuing justice and pre-
       serving civil rights for those who call upon her services no matter
       what their gender or color. Dickerson describes many of her cases,
       discusses her associates and colleagues, and tells about the accom-
       plishments and contributions of the members of her family. She
       was elected the first black president of the National Association of
       Women Lawyers. In 1998, Dickerson was still practicing law as a
       trial attorney at the age of eighty-six. She concludes her book with
       a separate epilogue for the years 1991 to 1998, giving her thoughts
       on world events and her own activities for each year.
130        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



167. Dirie, Waris. Desert Flower: The Extraordinary Journey of a Desert
      Nomad.   Written with Cathleen Miller.        New York, New York:
      William Morrow & Company, 1998. 228 pages; photographs.
      ISBN: 0688158234.
         Notes: Published in paperback New York: Quill, 1999.          ISBN:
         0688172377.
         Abstract:     Waris Dirie grew up in Somalia, the daughter of
         nomads.     She suffered female circumcision, now known as female
         genital mutilation, at about the age of five and was promised in
         marriage to an elderly man when she was just fourteen. Dirie
         writes of how she escaped from her home to avoid the marriage,
         running away to Mogadishu, the capital of Somalia. When she
         found out that one of her uncles had been designated Somalian
         ambassador to Britain and was moving to London, Dirie begged
         to be taken on as a servant.   She spent the next four years hostage
         to her aunt in their London home, obliged to take care of her
         cousins and keep house. At the end of her uncle's term, Dirie man-
         aged to stay on in London by herself, living with people who
         would take her in, and pursued a career as a model.        After she
         appeared in a James Bond movie, her career took off, but Dirie
         soon found that there was a limit to what a black model could earn
         in London and that a lack of a legal status kept her from leaving
         the country to look for more lucrative work. Her first marriage
         was to an Irishman and her second to an Englishman. Dirie mar-
         ried both men for the legal status they could provide. The cir-
         cumstances of her second marriage finally made it possible for her
         to get a British passport and go to work in New York. It was not
         until early on in her modeling career that Dirie became aware that
         not all women had suffered genital mutilation and that the con-
         stant pain she suffered during her menstrual periods and when
         urinating was not the norm. It took several years before she got
         up the courage to have surgery to make these bodily functions eas-
         ier, and she also realized what she had sacrificed in terms of abili-
         ty to achieve sexual gratification. As Dirie became better known
         in the fashion world, she began speaking out against female muti-
         lation. Dirie's first breakthrough was an interview with Laura Ziv
         published in the magazine Marie Claire entitled "The Tragedy Of
         Female Circumcision." Readers were horrified by the situation
         and overwhelmingly supportive of Dirie's courage to speak out.
         She was also featured in a segment on the TV program 20/20 enti-
         tled "A Healing Journey."      After the program aired, the United
         Nations invited her to be a special ambassador in its fight to stop
         female mutilation.
                            The Bibliography                            131


168. Dixon, Joe Robert. Hard Times: Memoirs of a Southern Black Boy
     Raised during the Depression. Indianapolis, Indiana: 1st Out
    Publishing Company, 1996.            96 pages; photographs.      ISBN:
    none.
       Abstract:     Joe Robert Dixon was born in Savannah, Tennessee,
       during the 1920s. His father was a cook working at a café and on
       the steamships on the Tennessee River. Members of the family,
       including Dixon, also worked as farm laborers, chopping cotton
       and corn and picking berries. As a field hand, Dixon was paid
       fifty cents a day. The family had a large garden which provided
       them with vegetables all summer and black-eyed peas, butter
       beans and pinto beans to dry for the winter. Dixon also earned
       money stoking the furnaces for his school. He would get up at
       5:00 a.m., walk to school to stoke the furnaces, return home at 7:00
       a.m. for breakfast and then walk back to attend school at 8:00 a.m.
       Dixon describes supplementing the family food supply through
       hunting. He and his father and uncles would hunt blackbirds,
       rabbit, possum, and raccoon. According to Dixon, his family was
       the poorest in the South, but members of the family each did what
       he or she could and always had food and shelter. Dixon left school
       to work at a Civilian Conservation Corps camp. When he
       returned, he worked a variety of jobs, including as a bus boy at a
       hospital and railroad work. He was drafted in 1942 and sent to
       North Africa, Italy, and the Philippines. Upon his return, he mar-
       ried his high-school sweetheart.       They eventually moved to
       Indianapolis, where he worked and raised his family of three chil-
       dren, retiring from the National Starch Company in 1987. Dixon
       describes his religious convictions and his experiences as a mem-
       ber of the Holiness Church. He gives his advice for raising chil-
       dren and maintaining a strong marriage (he and his wife celebrat-
       ed their fiftieth anniversary in 1996) and he extols the merits of
       hard work

169. Dogg, Snoop. See Snoop Dogg.

170. Dorr, David F. A Colored Man Round the World.             Edited by
    Malini Johar Schueller.         Ann Arbor, Michigan: University of
    Michigan       Press,   1999.    195 pages.   ISBN:    047209694x        :
    0472066943.
       Notes: Originally published Cleveland, Ohio: The Author, 1858.
       Abstract: David Dorr was the slave of Cornelius Fellowes, a busi-
       nessman in New Orleans. In 1851, Dorr accompanied Fellowes on
132        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        a three-year journey throughout Europe and the Middle East.
        They traveled to London, France, Germany, Belgium, Italy, Turkey,
        Syria, and Egypt. They spent their winters in France and were
        there for the coup d'etat of Napoleon II in December 1851. Dorr
        clearly enjoyed the attention he received as an American traveler
         and the obsequious service he received in hotels, restaurants,
         trains, and carriages around the world. In the Netherlands he had
         dinner with a king, the father of the current Queen of the
         Netherlands, the "old King of Wurtemburg." He writes, "He is
         going out—he bows to me" (p. 60). Dorr notes that Fellowes did
         not receive the same gesture of respect from the king. Dorr
         describes the points of interest that he saw on his wide travels, he
         elaborates on his own tastes, and describes the many fine people
         he met. His sense of humor permeates his narrative. Apparently
         Col. Fellowes had promised Dorr his freedom upon their return to
         the United States, but "as he refused me on old bachelor princi-
         ples, I fled from him and his princely promises, westward, where
         the 'star of empire takes its way,’ reflecting on the moral liberties
         of the legal freedom of England, France and our New England
         states ..." (p. 12). Dorr made his way to Cleveland, Ohio where
         he wrote and published his narrative.

171. Drumgoold, Kate. A Slave Girl’s Story: Being an Autobiography
     of Kate Drumgoold. Chapel Hill, North Carolina: Academic
      Affairs Library, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill,
      2000.
         http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu/neh/drumgoold/drumgoold.sgml
         http://docsouth.unc.edu/neh/drumgoold/drumgoold.html
         Notes: Documenting the American South (Project).

172. Dryden, Charles W. A-Train: Memoirs of a Tuskegee Airman.
     Tuscaloosa, Alabama: University of Alabama Press, 1997. 421
      pages; photographs. ISBN: 0817308563.
         Abstract: Lieutenant Colonel Charles W. Dryden joined the Army
         Air Corps in August 1941. He was in the second class of African-
         American cadets after the Army started training African
         Americans as pilots in what was called the Tuskegee Experiment.
         Dryden first wanted to fly when he was four years old. He trained
         as a civilian while in college and joined the army soon after read-
         ing a notice announcing the change in U.S. Army policy. Shortly
         after Dryden graduated from his cadet training, one of only three
         of the original class of eleven, the United States entered World War
                             The Bibliography                           133


        Il. Dryden was eventually sent to fight in North Africa and Italy.
        He provides several accounts of triumphant and tragic battles.
        Dryden also writes that he was struck by what it meant to be a
        black serviceman fighting for the United States while back home
        his fallen comrades were being refused burial in cemeteries in
        their home towns. "What do we expect to gain if we succeed in
        helping to defeat foreign enemies, overseas? We expect to help
        defeat domestic enemies back home: Jim Crow attitudes and prac-
        tices in government, schools, jobs, churches—everywhere!" (p.
        139). In fact, the German POWs had more access to services than
        the black Army Air Corps men. Dryden and his company did not
        take this passively, but set off on a massive letter-writing cam-
        paign. He writes that perhaps it was this constant chipping away
        at segregationist policy and unequal treatment that eventually led
        to Truman's decree to desegregate the army. Surviving the war
        unwounded, Dryden continued his tour of duty in the States as a
        flight instructor.   He married Irma Pete Cameron, a lieutenant in
        the Army Nurse Corps. Dryden's long career in the military
        included a tour of duty in Korea. He earned several college
        degrees, including a masters degree in public law and government
        from Columbia University. He also attended Air Force schooling
        in communications.         He had   assignments   in Germany   and
        Washington, D.C. and taught Air Science at Howard       University.
        Following a postponement after the construction of the Berlin
        Wall, Dryden retired with the rank of Lieutenant Colonel. He con-
        cludes his memoir with a chapter remembering his comrades from
        the Army Air Corps and Air Force.

173. Duncan, C. W. (1934- ). Sprinting Backwards to God. Hopkinton,
    Massachusetts:      Two    Canoes   Press, 2000.   217 pages.   ISBN:
    1929590040.
       Abstract: Sings-Alone combines his Coyote teaching tales with
       the poetry of his wife and the stories of his own life. A Cherokee
       Indian of mixed heritage, Sings-Alone, born C. W. Duncan, grew
       up in a Christian, "Anglo-assimilated" family. His father was a
       minister, and Sings-Alone also chose this path for himself, attend-
       ing seminary and becoming an ordained minister in the Disciples
       of Christ church. He found himself in conflict with the leaders of
       the church as he became more involved with the spirit world
       through the Spiritual Frontiers Fellowship. He eventually left the
       church to study counseling psychology. By the time he had earned
       his doctorate, his seventeen-year marriage had dissolved. After
       two years he left clinical practice and a teaching position to work
       on the Mohave Indian reservation in Arizona. There he sought to
134           Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        become closer to his Indian heritage, studying Native American
        spirituality with Rolling Thunder at Metatanay in Carlin, Nevada.
        He found it more difficult than he had expected to be accepted by
        the Native American communities with which he was working:
                   Arriving in Arizona, I had expected to be ac-
                   cepted as a mixed-blood Cherokee wanting to
                   find himself. The whole notion amused my
                   hosts. ... They cared not a whit about my blood
                   quantum or my quest. ... Wanting to be just like
                   the people, I immediately discovered that
                   Indianess could not be donned like a coat. I
                   could only be myself and evolve into whatever I
                   would become. Besides there was no typical
                   them to emulate.                         (p. 104)
        Sings-Alone moved to Maryland and eventually worked with
        spiritual leader White Wolf. During his seven-year sojourn with
        White Wolf, he became accepted as a part of the Indian communi-
        ty.    He founded   and, for a time, was national chief of the Free
        Cherokees, a nationwide tribal organization with which many
        bands have affiliated.    Throughout his stories, Sings-Alone
        addresses issues of alcoholism, learning through listening and
        observing, and close communication with God.


174. Eagle Elk, Joseph (1931- ). The Price of a Gift: A Lakota Healer’s
     Story. Written with Gerald Vincent Mohatt. Lincoln, Nebraska:
     University of Nebraska Press, 2000. 226 pages; photographs.
     ISBN: 0803232047.
        Abstract: Joseph Eagle Elk was born in 1931 and raised by his
        grandparents after the divorce of his parents. His grandfather was
        a medicine man, and he and Eagle Elk's grandmother were often
        away leading ceremonies that involved the use of the illegal hal-
        lucinogen peyote. Both were careful that Eagle Elk did not
        become involved with these ceremonies, but after he started
        school, it was reported that he was involved with peyote, and he
        was asked to leave. This ended Eagle Elk's formal education, and
        he never learned to read or write. Illiteracy severely limited the
        occupations open to him. After he was rejected from the army, he
        began to travel and work on ranches. His ability to work was fur-
        ther reduced by depression and a growing problem with alcohol.
        All of this changed after he began to work on the ranch of Henry
        Griswold. Griswold liked Eagle Elk and helped him through his
        roughest times, standing by him when he was arrested. Griswold
        encouraged Eagle Elk to come back to live and work at the ranch
                         The Bibliography                                135


       while staying away from alcohol. Despite Eagle Elk’s one or two
       relapses, Griswold continued to support him and urged him to
       spend his final three-year probation period exclusively on the
       ranch.    Eagle Elk stayed on the Griswold ranch until after
       Griswold's death. After leaving the ranch, Eagle Elk returned to
       the reservation, where his father, like his grandfather, was a med-
       icine man. Eagle Elk began to learn about Lakota medicine and
       ceremonies, eventually becoming a healer according to Lakota
       precepts. He describes the various ceremonies that he performs
       and their purposes, the people who became close to him, and the
       people whom he helped. He also tells about his trips to Europe
       and Alaska. Mohatt, who interviewed Eagle Elk for this autobi-
       ography, concludes the book with the transcript of a conversation
       with people who were connected to him.

175. Edelman,   Marian    Wright.    Lanterns: A Memoir       of Mentors.
    Boston, Massachusetts: Beacon Press, 1999. 180 pages; photo-
    graphs. ISBN: 0807072141.
       Notes: Published in paperback New York: Perennial, 2000. ISBN:
       0060958596.
       Abstract: Marian Edelman, a civil rights lawyer and children's
       advocate (president of the Children's Defense Fund), writes about
       her experience with the many mentors who helped nurture her as
       a child, guided her through her youth, education, and career
       choice, and served as leaders in the Civil Rights Movement. She
       also includes many African-American historical figures, all of
       whom influenced her and who, through their accomplishments,
       opened up new doors and created new opportunities for those
       who followed. Her initial mentors were her parents and people in
       her church community, especially older women, who cared for her
       and raised her to see her role in life as helping others. At Spelman
       College she was greatly influenced by Morehouse College presi-
       dent Benjamin Elijah Mays, who taught students they were God's
       instruments for transforming the world; Howard Zinn, a white
       professor who introduced her to the Civil Rights Movement; and
       Charles E. Merrill, son of the founder of the Merrill Lynch broker-
       age house, who served on the Morehouse board of trustees and
       sponsored scholarships for Morehouse and Spelman students,
       including Edelman, to study abroad. Her mentors during the
       Civil Rights Movement included leaders such as Bob Moses and
       Martin Luther King, Jr., as well as uneducated, poor blacks who
       insisted on their rights while risking their lives, such as Fannie
       Lou Hamer, Mae Bertha Carter, and Unita Blackwell.      In the latter
136       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        half of the book, Edelman discusses the needs of all children for
        mentors and involved parents and the responsibilities of all adults
        for the next generation. She gives detailed guidelines on how to
        meet the specific needs of children.

176. Edwards, David Honeyboy. The World Don’t Owe Me Nothing:
     The Life and Times of Delta Bluesman Honeyboy Edwards. As told
      to Janis Martinson and Michael Robert Frank.         Chicago,
      Illinois: Chicago Review Press, 1997. 287 pages; photographs.
      ISBN: 1556522754 : 1556523688.
        Abstract: Musician David Honeyboy Edwards was born June 28,
        1915. His father was part Creek Indian and part Mollyglasper,
        which a note in the book defines as a descendent of the Malagasy,
        a tribe from the island Madagascar. Edwards's mother was from
        Kentucky and also part Indian. His father, a sharecropper, could
        read and write, which was fairly unusual for the time. As was
        common    among   sharecroppers,   Edwards's   family moved    from
        plantation to plantation, trying to find a better contract. Edwards
        describes life in the south working on plantations. The bosses had
        control over your finances, personal life, and working life.
        Edwards writes, "They treated us like we was property. Come all
        through slavery time and they still wanted us to be slaves" (p. 49).
        Edwards's mother died at the age of thirty-two when Edwards
        was twelve. It was after this that he learned to play guitar from
        his father and soon music became a driving passion for him. Once
        Edwards left the farm, he kept on the move: "[O]nly thing I carried
        with me was my guitar and harp and those dice in my pocket" (p.
        87). Edwards played with many of the great blues men, most of
        whom were working their way from tavern to tavern and town to
        town. Edwards first met his wife-to-be, Bessie, in 1947. They mar-
        ried in 1952 and were together until her death in 1972. The two
        traveled to Louisiana, Mississippi, Texas, Florida, Tennessee, and
        Arkansas, working and playing music until they settled perma-
        nently in Chicago in the early 1960s. Edwards made his first
        recording for Alan Lomax and the Library of Congress in 1942, for
        which he earned a room and board for a night or two, plus twen-
        ty dollars. In the 1950s he made some recordings and played some
        engagements for musical impresario Lola Anne Colum of ARC. It
        was not until later in his music career, as white interest in blues
        increased, that Edwards began making significant money per-
        forming. He traveled to Austria, Belgium, Germany, Holland,
        Scotland, Ireland, Japan, and Argentina. At the time Edwards was
        writing his autobiography he was still performing around the
        world. About the blues he writes,
                          The Bibliography                                    137


                  The blues might change but it's going to stay
                  around. Young people now play a different style
                  of blues, hard and fast, but it's still the blues.
                  When I was a child coming up, it was mostly
                  ragtime stuff. Then it grew, that big road blues,
                  country blues, then the shuffle and the low-
                  down-and-dirty blues. It just keeps on chang-
                  ing. The blues are always going to stand.
                                                                (p. 206)
177. Egami, Hatsuye (1902- ). The Evacuation Diary of Hatsuye Egami.
    Edited    and    with    an    introduction    by Claire        Gorfinkel.
    Pasadena, California: Intentional Productions, 1995. 103 pages;
    photographs; drawings. ISBN: 0964804212.
        Abstract: Egami's diary begins May 12, 1942, the day she, her hus-
        band, and four children were ordered to leave on a train to an
        unknown     destination.     Egami   writes,   "Since    yesterday,   we
        Pasadena Japanese have ceased to be human beings—we are now
        simply numbers or things" (p. 20). She records her feelings upon
        arriving at the bleak Tulare Assembly Center, entering this prison
        setting with no idea how or when they would leave. She tells her
       children that life will be "largely primitive and naked here... . It
       may be that in a naked life there is poetry and truth. I think that
        from this bare life we can weave something creative and interest-
       ing” (pp. 27-28). She begins to realize, too, that having grown up
       with a different code than the Issei, the first generation of Japanese
       immigrants to this country, the youth in the camps would have a
       more difficult time maintaining a moral center and sense of pur-
       pose. The older Japanese all seek to find a place and a purpose
       within the camp. The diary covers four months at the center.
       Most   of the 5,000 inhabitants    were    moved   to other camps       in
       August. Throughout, Egami seeks to maintain a positive outlook.
       She writes about her motivation for keeping this diary: "The con-
       tribution of Japanese over a period of fifty years toward building
       a better civilization on this coast was over-night turned into obliv-
       ion. I deeply felt my responsibility as an individual and as a
       Japanese to record this historic upheaval" (p. 64).
138        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



178. Elders, M. Joycelyn. Joycelyn Elders, M.D.: From Sharecropper's
      Daughter to Surgeon General of the United States.          Written with
      David Chanoff.        New   York, New     York: William Morrow        &
      Company,      1996.    355 pages; photographs; index.             ISBN:
      0688147224.
         Notes: Also published in a large print edition Thorndike, Maine:
         Thorndike Press, 1997. ISBN: 0786209585; published in paperback
         New York: Avon Books, 1997. ISBN: 0380786486.
         Abstract: Joycelyn Elders was born Minnie Lee Jones in the town
         of Schaal, Arkansas, population ninety-eight, and raised in a farm-
         ing family. She excelled in school, graduated from high school as
         valedictorian at the age of sixteen, and was awarded a full schol-
         arship by Philander Smith College in Little Rock. It was there that
         she changed her name to Joycelyn, the name of a peppermint
         candy she liked. While at Smith, Elders was inspired to become a
         doctor after hearing a talk given by Dr. Edith Irby Jones. Not hav-
         ing the money to go to medical school, Elders joined the United
         States Army Women's Specialists Medical Corps so that she could
         get college training, attain the rank of second lieutenant, and take
         advantage of G.I. Bill funds after her tour of duty. She finished her
         military service as a licensed physical therapist, applied for med-
         ical school, and was     accepted   at the University    of Colorado,
         Meharry Medical School, and the University of Arkansas. She
         chose Arkansas because it was closest to home. Elders was one of
         three black medical students in the entering class of 1956. She
         describes her medical education, internship, and residency. She
         was awarded the position of Chief Resident at the University of
         Arkansas Medical School, unheard of for a woman, let alone a
         black woman. She considered going into private practice, but was
         persuaded by her mentor, Edward Hughes, to join the faculty at
         the medical school. Elder, a pediatric surgeon, developed special-
         ties in diabetes and treatment of children with ambiguous sexual-
         ity. After twenty-five years at the medical school, Elders was
         tapped by Governor Clinton to be the director of the Arkansas
         Department of Health. She accepted this position reluctantly, but,
         shocked at what she learned about the state of children's health in
         Arkansas, became     a crusader for health education and readily
         available clinics for children and teenagers as a means to slow the
         rate of teenage pregnancy. It was her advocacy of school-based
         clinics which would, among other things, make condoms avail-
         able to high school students under certain circumstances, that put
         her in the middle of a raging controversy. President Clinton
         appointed her to the position of Surgeon General of the United
                        The Bibliography                                 139


       States, but she was still unwilling to give up her priorities for the
       sake of political acceptability. Elders was asked to resign after
       only eighteen months because of a remark she made during an
       informal discussion about ways to address teenage sexual activity
       and the threat of HIV/AIDS. Elders returned to the faculty at the
       University of Arkansas Medical School following her resignation.
       As a pediatric surgeon, she says, her first and foremost concern is
       for children and their well-being.
                I feel absolutely committed to the issues I have
                always been about: comprehensive health edu-
                cation, prevention of teenage pregnancy, early-
                childhood education, school-based clinics to
                make health care available for all children, a pre-
                ventive approach to health care for everyone.
                                                           (p. 336)
                If I could keep [the children] well, keep them
                from having children while they were still chil-
                dren themselves, and give them some hope they
                could go to college, that's what I wanted. That
                was my idea of affirmative action. After they got
                past that, they could take care of themselves. ...
                I want us—you and I—to think of all those kids
                as our children. That's what I really want.
                                                           (p. 343)

179. Eldridge, Elleanor (1784-1845) and Frances H. Green              (1805-
    1878). The Memoirs of Elleanor Eldridge. Chapel Hill, North
    Carolina: Academic Affairs Library, University of North
    Carolina at Chapel Hill, 2000.
       http://docsouth.unc.edu/neh/eldridge/menu.html
       Notes: Documenting the American South (Project).

180. Elijah Muhammad.        The True History of Elijah Muhammad,
    Messenger of Allah.  Compiled and edited by Nasir Makr
    Hakim. Atlanta, Georgia: M.E.M.P.S., 1997. 307 pages. ISBN:
    1884855113.
       Notes: "Autobiographically Authoritative.”
       Abstract: This collection of sermons focuses more on Elijah
       Muhammad's message to the faithful than on details of his life. He
       does include some autobiographical details. Elijah Muhammad
       was born in Georgia and lived there until he was twenty-five. He
140           Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         left for Detroit in 1923 and worked for the Southern Railroad
         Company as a tramroad foreman and builder. He was converted
         to Islam in the early 1930s after hearing Mr. Wallace Fard speak.
         He was convinced after his first meeting with Fard that he was the
         Son of God or the Second Coming of Jesus. Fard encouraged
         Elijah Muhammad to begin teaching this. For three years he stud-
         ied Biblical scripture and Islam with Fard, "day and night" (p. 39).
         It was Fard, who became Fard Muhammad, who gave Elijah
         Muhammad his name, first Elijah Karriem, and then Elijah
         Muhammad. In 1942, Elijah Muhammad was arrested by the FBI
         for preaching against African-American participation in World
         War II. He was imprisoned until 1946. Elijah Muhammad writes
         briefly about his son's, grandson's, and brother's rejection of him
         as the Last Messenger of Allah. He also touches on his feelings
         about Malcolm    X and Martin Luther King, Jr.      In his sermon,
         "Ignorance and Opposition,” he writes that black leaders are mak-
         ing a mistake working with the white man. He would like to see
         African Americans come together under the teachings of Allah,
         and work for "one and the same common cause: elevating our peo-
         ple into the knowledge of self and others and create the unity or
         purpose that we might be able to acquire some of this land that we
         can call our own for our 22 or more million people here" (p. 87).
         Elijah Muhammad wrote many of the sermons and messages in
         this volume after forty years spent preaching across the United
         States.

181. Elizondo, Virgilio P. The Future Is Mestizo: Life Where Cultures
      Meet.    Boulder, Colorado: University Press of Colorado, 2000
      ISBN: 0870815768.
         Notes: Translation of L’Avenir est au Metissage, Paris: Nouvelles
         Editions Mame, 1987. Also published New York: Crossroad, 1992.
         Oak Park, Illinois: Meyer-Stone Books, 1988.

         Abstract:   This revised edition includes a new foreword by poet
         Sandra Cisneros and an introduction by David Carrasco.

182. Elliott, Duong Van Mai.      The Sacred Willow: Four Generations in
      the Life of a Vietnamese Family.    New York, New York: Oxford
      University Press, 1999.        506 pages; photographs.           ISBN:
      0195124340 : 0195137876.
         Abstract: Duong Van Mai Elliott's family was descended from a
         long line of important and revered scholars. Until the influence of
         Western culture under the French, scholarship, not wealth, was
                         The Bibliography                               141


        honored in traditional Vietnamese society: it was better to live
        modestly and to serve the country and your fellow citizens than to
        exploit them for personal wealth. As French influence strength-
        ened under colonization, this scholarly tradition waned and was
        overtaken by Western values including that of capitalism.
        Western theories of education replaced the traditional Confucian
        values inherited from the Chinese. Elliott's father was among the
        last generation of Vietnamese to earn the status of mandarin and
        to have his scholarly accomplishments qualify him for govern-
        ment service. It is from the perspective of a family tied to govern-
        ment service that Elliott recounts the history of Vietnam under
        French colonial rule and U.S. intervention. She writes that, like
        many Vietnamese families, hers was divided during the long civil
        war. She traces the history of the French in Vietnam beginning in
        1863, the rebellion begun by Ho Chi Minh in 1930, and her own
        family's involvement as supporters both of Ho Chi Minh and of
        the established Vietnamese government supported by the French.
        Her father, a loyal and dedicated administrator, felt great ambiva-
        lence toward the French.     Like many middle-class Vietnamese,
        however,   he distrusted   the Communist    movement     of Ho Chi
        Minh. Elliott's account represents both her father's point of view
        of the civil conflict and her own experience as a child sharing the
        shifting fortunes of her family and South Vietnam under a series
        of French-sanctioned governments. Her narrative includes the
        story of the Viet Minh as she understands it from her older sister's
        twenty-year involvement in resisting first the French and then the
        United States. Elliott left Vietnam with her American husband
        several years before the withdrawal of American troops and the
        fall of Saigon. She describes the evacuation of most of her large
        family, the story of those family members that were left behind,
        and the reunion of almost all the members of the family who sur-
        vived the war and its aftermath.

183. Elmore, James Mack (1924- ). The Autobiography of Mr. James
    Mack Elmore.    Bowling Green, Kentucky: J. M. Elmore, 2000. 41
    pages. ISBN: none.

184. Enoch, Carlton. “Eye See Me”: A True Life Story. Toledo, Ohio:
     C. Enoch, 2000. 62 pages. ISBN: 0970156200.
142        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



185. Equiano, Olaudah.      The African: The Interesting Narrative of the
      Life of Olaudah Equiano. London, England: Black Classics, 1998.
      217 pages. ISBN: 187450962x.
         Notes:   Also published New York, New York: W. W. Norton &
         Company, 2001. ISBN: 0393974944.     First published London: The
         Author, 1794.

186. Ervin-Watson, Bessie P. Southern Heritage: Growing Up in the
     Mississippi Delta. St. Louis, Missouri: B. P. Ervin-Watson, 1996.
      207 pages; photographs.

187. Espiritu, Yen Le.    Filipino American Lives. Asian American
      History and Culture.     Philadelphia, Pennsylvania: Temple
      University Press, 1995.     216 pages; photographs.   ISBN:
      1566393167 : 1566393175.
         Abstract: Yen Le Espiritu is a Vietnamese immigrant to the United
         States whose husband is Filipino American.       She has collected
         interviews with Filipino Americans to serve as a resource to the
         younger generation. Espiritu notes that it was important to those
         interviewed to have their words edited and refined for publica-
         tion. As an immigrant herself she was careful to oblige that
         request. Espiritu's introduction gives a history of Filipino immi-
         gration to the United States. The interviews are ordered by age of
         the interviewee. The following are included in the collection:
             A. B. Santos   and Juanita Santos,    "We   Have    to Show   the
             Americans that We Can be as Good as Anybody." Ruth Abad,
             "I Was Used to the American Way of Life."          Connie Tirona,
              "Sometimes I Am Not Sure What it Means to Be American."
              Luz Latus, "My Dream is to Be Able to Give Something Back
              to My Country and My People." Paz Jensen, "My Experience
              is Atypical." Leo Sicat, "I Sacrificed My Five-Year Education
              to Become a Steward." Nemesia Cortez, "I Only Finished First
              Grade." Edgar Gamboa, "International Medical Graduates
              Are Tested Every Step of the Way." Anamaria Labao Cabato,
              "PASACAT Became My Whole Life." Daniel Grutas, "I Knew
              That I Wanted to Be a Naval Officer." Dario Villa, "I Offended
              Many Filipinos Because I Was an FOB." Joey Laguda, "I Could
              Not Cope with Life." Lisa Graham, "Everybody Seemed to Be
              Either White or Black, a Full Race."
                        The Bibliography                                143


188. Estes, Simon. In His Own Voice: An Autobiography. Written with
    Mary L. Swanson.     Cumming, Iowa: LMP, 1999.         143 pages; CD
    sound disc; photographs; discography.           ISBN: 1890621013 :
    189062103x.
        Abstract: Opera singer Simon Estes was born in Centerville, lowa.
       His father, the son of slaves, was a coal miner in the then-thriving
       Iowa coal mines. He also did odd jobs to keep the family fed,
       clothed, and sheltered. Estes's mother stayed home to raise their
       five children. During Estes's youth, African Americans accounted
       for less than one percent of the population in Iowa. Segregation,
       perhaps not as virulent as in the South, existed in the form of
       white-only cafés, and racism and discrimination were common-
       place. Estes's sister Patty and his mother were both talented
       singers. Patty was a member of a professional choir that was invit-
       ed to sing in several southern churches, but church officials asked
        the group not to bring “the colored girl.". Devastated, Patty
       became severely depressed and committed suicide at the age of
        twenty-five. Estes himself was rejected when he auditioned for
        the 240-voice University of lowa chorus. When he auditioned for
        the Old Gold Singers, a small ensemble of about twenty singers,
        the conductor liked him, but stipulated that he could join the
       ensemble only if the other singers would agree to sing with an
       African American. More interested in Estes's singing ability than
       his skin color, the group took him in without much debate. It was
       at the University of lowa that Estes began studying with the new
       vocal instructor Charles Kellis. Warned not to waste his time on
       Estes, Kellis ignored detractors and worked enthusiastically with
       the young singer, becoming his advisor and mentor and giving
       him daily lessons at no charge. He gave Estes the background and
       confidence he needed to win a full academic scholarship to the
       Julliard School of Music. Estes spent only one year at Julliard
       before beginning his career in the opera houses of Germany. In his
       first year, he won the Munich Competition and took third place in
       the Tchaikovsky Competition, a showing sufficient to begin build-
       ing a reputation for himself in the United States. Estes gives the
       highlights, low points, and some humorous episodes of his presti-
       gious career. Deeply religious, Estes has been eager to give back
       to society the many rewards he has reaped through his successful
       career. He has raised money for many organizations, especially
       those that help children.   Some of his foundations include the
       Simon Estes Fund at the University of Iowa, the Simon Estes
       Educational Foundation, Iowa Arts Council Scholarship for the
       Arts, the Simon and Westella    Estes Scholarship Fund, and the
       Simon Estes International Foundation      for Children.   Estes has
144        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         three daughters to whom he is devoted and calls daily from wher-
         ever he is in the world. He writes, "I hope to be remembered as a
         man who cared, who wanted to share, and who loved.        My fond-
         est wish is that people feel my life and my music have made a dif-
         ference" (p. 143).

189. Evers, Charles (1922- ). Have No Fear: The Charles Evers Story.
     Written with Andrew Szanton. New York, New York: John
      Wiley & Sons, 1997.      333 pages; photographs; index.         ISBN:
      0471122513.
         Abstract:   Charles Evers, the older brother of slain civil rights
         activist Medgar Evers, gives the story of his life intertwined with
         a history of the Civil Rights Movement and national politics
         through the administration of the elder George Bush. He also
         describes his relationships with many activists, politicians, and
         U.S. presidents. Charles and his brother Medgar served in World
         War II, the former in the Pacific and the latter in Europe. The peo-
         ple in these areas did not discriminate against them because of
         their race, and this made them determined to fight for rights in
         their own country.    In 1946, after returning to Mississippi, the
         brothers registered to vote, but were not able to vote because of
         white resistance. They joined the NAACP in 1948. In 1953,
         Charles Evers became voter registration chairman for the NAACP
         of Mississippi. He appreciated the NAACP structure and the way
         it helped people in need, but felt that more efforts should be made
         to help blacks learn to advance themselves economically. By 1955,
         he was running the family funeral parlor, selling burial insurance,
         bootlegging, running a "Negro café" and a taxi service. He also
         started a radio program that he used to urge blacks to vote. He
         was eventually run out of town because he was so successful. He
         fled to Chicago and used his income from business dealings there
         to finance his brother's civil rights activities. He kept in close
         touch with his brother, speaking to him only two days before he
         was fatally shot. After Medgar's death, Charles took over the lead-
         ership of the Mississippi NAACP.       He successfully pressured
         small towns, such as Natchez, to give civil rights to its black citi-
         zens. He was a witness to President Johnson's signing of the Civil
         Rights Act of 1964, traveled with Robert Kennedy during his U.S.
         Senate campaign, and was with him the day he was assassinated.
         Evers was devoted to Kennedy and appreciated how he dealt with
         the poor and underprivileged. Evers fought blacks who did not
         cooperate with NAACP activities and even picketed Alcorn A&M,
         his alma mater, for persecuting professors and students involved
         in the movement. Evers ran for public office unsuccessfully a
                        The Bibliography                               145


       number of times, but did serve five terms as mayor of Fayette,
       Mississippi, during which he improved the town infrastructure
       and health care services.     He also served on the Democratic
       National Executive Committee in several presidential elections.

190. Evers-Williams, Myrlie.      Watch Me Fly: What I Learned on the
    Way to Becoming the Woman I Was Meant to Be. Written with
    Melinda    Blau.    Boston,    Massachusetts:    Little, Brown     and
    Company, 1999.        324 pages; photographs; index.             ISBN:
    0316255203.
       Abstract: Myrlie Evers-Williams has been known most of her
       adult life as the widow of slain civil rights activist Medgar Evers.
       She was born and raised in Jackson, Mississippi, by her grand-
       mother and aunt. She made her first venture into the world when
       she entered Alcorn College, the only college in Mississippi that
       offered a music major for black students. There she met Medgar
       Evers, and they were married when she was only eighteen. After
       her sophomore year, they moved to Mound Bayou, Mississippi, an
       all-black township, where Medgar became deeply involved in the
       Civil Rights Movement. They were constantly aware of the threat
       to his life, and although his assassination in 1963 was traumatic to
       his wife and three children, they were prepared for it. Evers-
       Williams decided to leave Mississippi and make a new life for her
       family in California. She moved to Claremont and enrolled in the
       Claremont Colleges to complete her education. She made a living
       travelling and speaking for the NAACP, which continued to pay
       her Medgar's salary. Evers-Williams graduated in 1968 and was
       immediately hired at the school as assistant director of planning
       and development. In 1976, she began working as director of con-
       sumer affairs for ARCO. In 1987 she made an unsuccessful bid for
       a city council seat in Los Angeles, but was appointed by Mayor
       Tom Bradley as commissioner of public works. After that, she
       moved to Bend, Oregon, with her second husband, Walter Edward
       Williams, for retirement, but she was called to serve as chairman
       of the NAACP after accusations of corruption rocked its founda-
       tions. Evers-Williams writes about her life with Medgar Evers, but
       focuses more on what she was able to achieve following his death.
       She shares what she has learned about raising children, running a
       household, managing finances, and promoting a career. She
       expresses appreciation to her children, who have always been her
       staunchest supporters, and her second husband, who lived in her
       shadow as well as that of her first husband, but throughout
       remained her "Rock of Gibraltar." Evers-William writes in detail
       about the struggle to bring Byron De la Beckwith to justice for the
146        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         murder of Medgar (he was convicted in 1994) and the heartbreak
         of the death of her second husband from cancer in 1995.

191. Ezell, Nora McKeown.          My Quilts and Me: The Diary of an
      American Quilter.     Montgomery, Alabama:          Black Belt Press,
      1999. 191 pages; photographs. ISBN: 1881320219.
         Abstract: Nora Ezell was born in Mississippi in 1917. Her family
         moved to Birmingham, Alabama, in 1925.         She married in 1936
         and moved to Aliceville in 1938. There she was introduced to
         quilting by her aunt. Ezell decided to learn quilting, but she did-
         n't want to follow the patterns her aunt used; she wanted to design
         something that no one else had done. At the age of seventy-seven,
         she was still helping support her family by chopping cotton, but
         had also succeeded in making nearly three hundred quilts. When
         she isn't quilting, she sews, knits, crotchets, embroiders, and tats
         and does crewel work, petit-point, macramé and cross-stitch.       In
         her book, Ezell describes the art of her craft and the stories behind
         her quilts. The text is accompanied with detailed color photo-
         graphs of many of her quilts.

192. Fernandez-Barrios, Flor. Blessed by Thunder: Memoir of a Cuban
     Girlhood. Seattle, Washington: Seal Press, 1999. 244 pages.
     ISBN: 1580050212 : 1580050425.
         Abstract:   Flor Fernandez-Barrios, known to her family as Teresa,
         was born in Cuba during a thunderstorm. Her grandmother said
         she had been “blessed by thunder" and received spiritual powers.
         Fernandez-Barrios had an idyllic childhood, with a home in the
         city and two sets of grandparents with farms in the country. She
         was privy to the healing powers of her paternal grandmother, who
         was preparing Fernandez-Barrios to follow in her footsteps. Their
         comfortable family life, however, was destroyed by political
         upheaval in the country. Her father's work and the prosperity of
         his family meant that he was constantly under suspicion as an
         anti-Castro sympathizer. In 1959, the family fled their home in
         town when Castro forces took over the government. At the same
         time, her grandparents’ farms were confiscated, and the entire
         country was plunged into poverty. Food was rationed when avail-
         able, and clothing, shoes and other necessities were rarely avail-
         able at all. At the age of ten, Fernandez-Barrios and all of the other
         children at her school were dispatched to farm tobacco for forty-
         five days. They lived in filthy conditions and had very little food
         to eat. She hated the forced labor and the Communist indoctrina-
         tion. The forty-five days stretched into two years. During that
                         The Bibliography                                 147


        time, her father was also sent to a forced-labor camp because he
        had applied to leave the country. Finally, her family received per-
        mission to leave Cuba and live in the United States. The family
        was turned out of their home within a few hours of the notice and
        left the country within a few days. They settled in Los Angeles,
        and although they had clothing and food, life was not easy for
        them. Fernandez-Barrios graduated from UCLA and began to
        work.   She found that the longer she was in the United States, the
        more difficult it was to maintain her Cuban heritage. A visit by
        her grandmother emphasized this conflict even more. After the
        death of her grandmother, however, she realized the importance
        of using the spiritual powers she had received at birth and pass-
        ing on the teachings and practices of her grandparents.
        Fernandez-Barrios was able to go back to some of the Cuban prac-
        tices she had given up and create a harmony between the two cul-
        tures she embodied.

193. Fielder, Walter Beatty. Dreamer beneath the Wings: Northeast and
     South of Chehaw, Alabama. St. Louis, Missouri: Howard Butler
    Press, 1995. 153 pages; photographs. ISBN: none.
        Abstract: Walter Beatty Fielder's brief history of the civilian corps
        of the 309th Sub-Depot, part of the "Black Experiment" of the
        United States Air Corps, takes the form of a series of brief biogra-
        phies and interviews. Public Law 18, passed in 1939, required
        civilian schools to offer primary flight training for the military.
        The law also required that at least one school train African-
        American pilots. Schools that offered the civilian training to
        African Americans       included Tuskegee Institute, Hampton
        Institute, Delaware State, North Carolina A&T, Lincoln University
        in Missouri, and Harlem Airport in Chicago. Following the estab-
        lishment of this law, the Army decided to train a company of
       African-American      pilots as an experiment       at the Tuskegee
        Institute, which became the 99th, 3324, and 447th companies.     The
       309th Sub-Depot provided the ground support for these pilots.
       Fielder believed that while the stories of the pilots of the 99th,
       3324, and 447th "will live in infinity," the contributions of the 309%
       Sub-Depot Support Group will disappear "like vapor" (p. xiii). To
       remedy this, Fielder provides an account of his own entry into the
       experiment. He went from being an $800-a-month employee at
       Fort Sam Houston in Texas to a $2,200-a-month aircraft painter at
       the Tuskegee Institute. Along with some commentary and sup-
       plementary descriptions of his colleagues, Fielder includes repro-
       ductions of several pages from The Commentator and the Hawks
       Eye, newspapers of the 309k Sub-Depot. Included are interviews
148         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         with twenty-nine men and four women who made contributions
         to the 309th.

194. Fisher, Ada Lois Sipuel.       A Matter of Black and White: The
      Autobiography of Ada Lois Sipuel Fisher.     Written with Danney
      Goble.   Foreword by Robert Henry.           Norman, Oklahoma:
      University of Oklahoma Press, 1996. 204 pages; photographs;
      index. ISBN: 0806128194.
         Abstract: In 1946, Ada Lois Fisher was chosen to be the plaintiff
         in a case aimed at desegregating the law school at the University
         of Oklahoma     (UO).   The state of Oklahoma       had   established
         Langston University to serve as the separate-but-equal college for
         black students, but the school remained unaccredited because of
         poor facilities, an absence of a law school or many of the other
         graduate departments available at the University of Oklahoma.
         The NAACP and civil rights lawyer Thurgood Marshall chose
         Fisher, a recent college graduate with an excellent academic
         record, to be their test case. Compared to schools in many
         Southern states, the atmosphere at UO was not as hostile, and
         many students supported opening the school to blacks. The state
         government and the college board, however, were against it and
         passed a resolution rejecting a change in policy.    The case went
         through the Oklahoma courts and on to the U.S. Supreme Court.
         In 1948, the Supreme Court reversed the decisions of the
         Oklahoma Supreme Court and remanded the case back to it. The
         college regents, however, opened a slapdash law school at
         Langston University and announced that it now had separate but
         equal facilities available. In the midst of Oklahoma's controversy,
         the University of Arkansas became the first public all-white uni-
         versity in the South to admit blacks. Meanwhile in Oklahoma, fur-
         ther suits were filed, and the Langston Law School closed for lack
         of funds in the summer of 1949. The next day, the UO president,
         granted Fisher admission to the law school and let several other
         blacks into other graduate schools, maintaining separation in the
         classroom seating arrangements.    In the summer of 1951, Fisher
         graduated from law school. By this time integration of the uni-
         versity had ceased to be a major issue and her graduation was a
         quiet event. Fisher, who was married and had a daughter, accept-
         ed a position as a professor of law at Langston University after
         failing to earn an income as a lawyer. In 1991, Fisher received an
         honorary degree from UO, and in 1992 she was appointed a regent
         of the school.
                          The Bibliography                                149


195. Flipper, Henry Ossian (1856-1940).           Black Frontiersman: The
    Memoirs of Henry O. Flipper, the First Black Graduate of West Point.
    Compiled and edited by Theodore D. Harris. Fort Worth,
    Texas: Texas Christian University Press, 1997. 190 pages; pho-
    tographs. ISBN: 0875651712.
       Abstract: Henry Ossian Flipper wrote his memoirs in 1916 for a
       long-time friend. They cover his years in the American Southwest
       and Northern Mexico during the years 1878-1916, while he was a
       second lieutenant with the cavalry. In 1877 he was the first black
       graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point and the only
       black officer in the U.S. Cavalry. Flipper was born a slave in
       Georgia in 1856 and grew up in Atlanta. During his years with the
       army he was stationed at various forts in the Southwest. His
       duties called upon his skills as surveyor, map maker, and engineer.
       Racism and jealousy led several fellow soldiers to frame him for
       embezzling, and this resulted in Flipper's dishonorable discharge
       from the army: "I was warned by civilians and never did a man
       walk the path of uprightness straighter than I did, but the trap was
       cunningly laid and I was sacrificed, effective June 30, 1882" (p. 37).
       Despite this setback, Flipper had a successful career as a private
       agent and as a U.S. Department of Justice field investigator of
       mine, mineral, and land claims. A scholar, Flipper also wrote and
       published several articles on Southwest and Spanish American
       history and folklore. In 1896 he published a small tract, reprinted
       in the present work, entitled, "Did a Negro Discover Arizona and
       New Mexico." This tract presented Flipper's research and transla-
       tions of documents related to the activities of the slave Steven of
       the Marcos de Niza expedition. Flipper was accepted by many
       influential people, and his skills, knowledge, and reliability were
       acknowledged. At the same time, he was often subjected to racist
       actions, and he usually found effective ways to retaliate. Once a
       doctor refused to attend a celebratory dinner honoring Flipper
       because he didn't want to sit at the same table as a black man.
       Flipper writes, "Sometime     afterwards   there was   an election for
       school trustee and this doctor ran against another Democrat. I got
       out and worked for the other fellow and beat this Negro-hating
       doctor by a good majority" (p. 49). The present edition of Flipper's
       memoir includes a lengthy introduction, Flipper's letters, a dis-
       cussion of the false rumor spread about Flipper's connections with
       Pancho Villa (including the rumor that he may have been Pancho
       Villa), and the 1896 tract.
150      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



196. Foreman, George (1949- ). By George: The Autobiography of
     George Foreman. Written with Joel Engel. New York, New
     York: Villard Books, 1995. 262 pages; photographs. ISBN:
     0679443940.
       Notes: Also published New York: Simon & Schuster, 2000. ISBN
       0743201124.
       Abstract: George Foreman was born and raised in the Fifth Ward,
       a poor section of Houston, Texas. He was the fifth of seven chil-
       dren raised in poverty by his mother, who worked numerous jobs
       to keep food on the table. Foreman was a large young man who
       was constantly looking for a fight. He dropped out of high school,
       and eventually joined Job Corps, a program       that was part of
       President Lyndon Johnson's War on Poverty. In the Job Corps he
       got the schooling that allowed him to pass his GED and he also
       learned practical skills. In the process, he met trainers who got
       him started in boxing. Although he had many disagreements with
       his trainers, coaches and managers, he was a successful boxer who
       moved quickly to the top ranks. As an amateur, he won the gold
       medal for boxing at the heavyweight rank in the 1968 Olympics in
       Mexico City. After this success, he turned pro, beating the leg-
       endary Joe Frazier in Kingston, Jamaica, in 1972, heavyweight
       champion Joe Roman in Tokyo, Japan, in 1973, and Kenny Norton
       in Caracas, Venezuela, in 1974. In 1974, he fought Muhammad Ali
       for the championship in Kinshasa, Zaire. After a fight with Jimmy
       Young in San Juan, Puerto Rico in 1977, Foreman had a conversion
       experience. He quit boxing, sought to soften his volatile personal-
       ity, and became a preacher. For the next ten years he spent most
       of his time preaching, raising his seven children from multiple
       marriages, and looking for a woman who would love and nurture
       his children. He married Joan, his present wife, and opened the
       George Foreman Youth and Community Center in Houston. After
       several years, his money from boxing began to run out. In 1987,
       he went back to the sport to raise money to keep his center in
       operation. He enjoyed great success and was widely popular
       among boxing fans. On November 5, 1994 in Las Vegas, Nevada,
       at the age of forty-five, Foreman beat Michael Moorer to become
       the heavyweight champion of the world.
                         The Bibliography                               151


197. Foster, Henry W. (1933- ). Make a Difference: The Founder of the I
     Have a Future Program Shares His Vision for Young America.
     Written with Alice Greenwood. Foreword by Senator Edward
     Kennedy. New York, New York: Scribner, 1997. 192 pages;
     index. ISBN: 0684826852.
        Abstract: Henry Foster, M.D., was born and raised in Pine Bluff,
        Arkansas. Both of his parents were teachers, and his father had a
        very strict work ethic. During World War II, when he was only
        thirteen, he and his father ran a business selling chickens and
        eggs. Along with school and work, he also learned how to fly and
        got his pilot's license at the age of nineteen. Always ambitious,
        Foster decided early on to become a doctor and he was one of two
        blacks in his class at the University of Arkansas Medical School.
        He decided to go into obstetrics and gynecology and was accept-
        ed at Meharry Medical College for his residency. This involved
        working for six months in Tuskegee, Alabama, at John A. Andrew
        Memorial Hospital, a hospital that treated some of the poorest
        people in the country.    Before his residency was over, he was
        offered the position of chief of ob/gyn at the hospital, and he soon
        realized that improving medical care for the poor meant adding to
        the medical staff and changing the living conditions and the atti-
        tudes of most of his patients. His work in the hospital and the area
        became a model for regionalized perinatal care. Foster personally
        treated countless patients and delivered thousands of babies. In
        the 1970s, he was chosen to head a multimillion dollar program
        aimed   at improving health services for teenagers and young
        people. This led to a special interest in teen pregnancy as he real-
        ized the devastating impact it had on the lives of both mothers and
        their children. From this sprang his "I Have a Future" program in
        Nashville, Tennessee. The goal of the program is to encourage
        low-income teenagers to stay in school, to keep from getting preg-
        nant, and to convince them to stay away from drugs, alcohol, and
        crime. Foster sought to increase the students’ self-esteem and get
        them focused on what they could do for their futures. With all of
       his work in public health, Foster was a natural choice for Surgeon
       General of the United States when the position opened in 1994
       during the Clinton administration.    Senate confirmation hearings,
       however, focused on his participation in a handful of abortions
       during his long career and unfounded rumors that he had been
       involved in the infamous syphilis study carried out by the U.S.
       Public Health Service at Tuskegee Institute. His nomination was
       rejected. Foster saw this disappointment as no more than one
       door closing.   He continues to be on the forefront of U.S. health
       care issues.
152        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



198. Fowler, Wyatt Camblyn.          Whites Did, Blacks Do.        Durham,
      North Carolina: Fowler Publications, 1999.         166 pages; photo-
      graphs. ISBN: 2548248663.
        Abstract:    "Our Business Foundation” founder Fowler, begins his
        book by talking about the nature of black self-hatred caused by
        slavery. He describes his eighteen-year career in the U.S. Navy,
        which he joined in 1941 at the age of sixteen, when the U.S. armed
        services were still segregated. Fowler was in a supply division
        and a cook at a base in Hawai'i. At the war's end, he and his com-
        pany observed the celebrations of the white soldiers, uneasy about
        how they would fit into civilian society and what kind of condi-
        tions they would be returning to. Fowler re-enlisted and was ini-
        tially quite successful, moving up from E-4 to E-5. His initial sense
        of accomplishment was short lived, however, and he did not fare
        as well as he moved to other bases throughout the world. Fowler's
        youth and sense of discouragement led him to make many poor
         decisions. He drank too much, was prone to violence, and during
         a particularly bad assignment, went AWOL, became homeless,
         and attempted suicide.      Having survived     this ordeal, Fowler
         returned to his ship and worked to get a discharge with honor,
         which he succeeded in doing. In civilian life, Fowler enrolled in a
         barber college, made a good marriage, became a father, and even-
         tually ran a number of profitable businesses. He and his wife set
         up the "Our Business Foundation," which provided a learning cen-
         ter for children and adults and classes aimed at helping adults
         start their own businesses. Fowler ends his books with advice and
         a series of steps to lead readers to self-esteem, healthy living, and
         success.

199. Franklin, Aretha. Aretha: From These Roots. Written with David
     Ritz. New York, New York: Villard Books, 1999. 254 pages;
      photographs; discography. ISBN: 0375500332.
         Abstract:    Soul singer Aretha    Franklin was    born in 1941    in
         Memphis, Tennessee.      When she was six, her parents divorced,
         and she and her four sisters and brothers moved with her father,
         C. L. Franklin, to Detroit, where he was a well-known and highly
         respected minister.   Her mother moved to Buffalo, New York, to
         live with her own parents. She maintained contact with her chil-
         dren and they spent their summers in Buffalo, but she died when
         Franklin was only ten. This was also the age at which Franklin
         began singing in her church. At age fifteen, Franklin was travel-
         ing with her father who preached throughout the East. Before she
         was twenty, Franklin signed a contract with Columbia Records
                           The Bibliography                                 153



        and began her own career. She lived in New York and visited her
        family in Detroit as often as she could. Both of her sisters sang and
        wrote songs, and her brother was her manager until he died in
        1989. Franklin always had strong crossover appeal with fans of all
        tastes. She was featured in the popular movie The Blues Brothers in
        1979, which gave her an even wider audience. In 1993, Franklin's
        career hit new heights when it turned out that newly-elected
        President Bill Clinton and his wife Hillary were her fans. They
        invited her to sing at two inaugural balls and for the inaugural
        telecast. Franklin writes in the book about her relationships with
        her parents, her brothers and sisters, her four children, her two
       husbands, and her many lovers. She describes the circumstances
        under which many of her hits were written and recorded, and
        about the people she has worked with.

200. Franklin, Buck Colbert (1879-1960).          My Life and an Era: The
    Autobiography of Buck Colbert Franklin.          Edited by John Hope
    Franklin    and     John   Whittington      Franklin.     Baton      Rouge,
    Louisiana: Louisiana State University Press, 1997.            288 pages;
    photographs. ISBN: 0807122130.
       Notes:   Published in paperback Baton Rouge: Louisiana State
       University Press, 2000. ISBN: 0807125997.
       Abstract:     According to John Hope Franklin, the author's son,
       Buck Colbert Franklin began work on his autobiography after a
       debilitating stroke. He worked on it until his death, hoping that
       he would see it published. John Hope Franklin kept the manu-
       script with him, working on it sporadically, and it was finally pub-
       lished nearly forty years after his father's death. Franklin believed
       that,
                   he had a destiny to fulfill. The high standards he
                   maintained in the practice of law, his numerous
                   efforts to serve, in a variety of ways, the commu-
                   nities in which he lived and worked,       and his
                   strong belief in a Power greater than any that he
                   could behold drove him to pursue the highest
                   and noblest goals to which he could aspire.
                                                               (p. ix)

       Buck Colbert Franklin was born in 1879 in the Chickasaw Nation
       of Indian Territory.   His grandfather was the property of a
       Chickasaw Indian. He bought his own freedom as well as that of
       his wife and ten children. Buck Franklin was the first in the
       Franklin family to attend college. He attended Roger Williams
154       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



       College in Nashville and also Atlanta Baptist College (now
       Morehouse College), where his mentor John Hope was president.
       He returned to Indian Territory during the rush to get on official
       tribal membership rolls in order to claim land. Tribal enrollment
       entitled an individual to an allotment of land. As freedmen with
       land, and because     their mother   was   one-quarter Choctaw,   the
       Franklin children all had allotments in Indian Territory. During
       this time Franklin acquired a license to represent those making
       land claims. He chose to represent a woman who was a Choctaw
       of mixed descent. By the time the case was resolved, Franklin was
       determined to practice law. He passed the Oklahoma bar exam
       with the second-highest scores and was admitted to the bar in
       1908. Franklin recounts his and his family's experiences living in
       the all-black town of Rentiesville, Oklahoma, and the many con-
       troversies he created due to his nonconformist political and social
       views.   He describes his reaction to the passage of pivotal racist
       laws, including those established by Plessy v. Ferguson and the
       Dred Scott case, and their long-term and ongoing effects.
       Similarly, Franklin describes the precipitous degradation of life as
       the new state of Oklahoma implemented Jim Crow laws and other
       discriminatory legislation.

201. Franklin, Kirk. Church Boy. Written with Jim Nelson Black.
     Nashville, Tennessee: Word Publishing, 1998. 131 pages. ISBN:
     0849940508.
       Abstract: As a child, Kirk Franklin was a gifted piano player and
       musician.   While this made him popular with adults, it did not
       help his image with his peer group. He spent a miserable child-
       hood and emerged as a rebellious teenager. At sixteen, he received
       a scholarship to Professional Youth Conservatory at Texas
       Wesleyan University in Fort Worth, a private music school for gift-
       ed young people. He thrived in the atmosphere, made many
       friends, and became a born-again Christian. Before graduation,
       however, he was thrown out for verbally abusing a teacher who he
        felt had belittled him.   Back at home and out of school, he was
       hired to lead music programs in a number of churches and started
       his own gospel group called the Humble Hearts. Franklin finally
       gained a name for himself when he was discovered by Milton
       Biggham, a preeminent figure in gospel music, who hired him to
       help with the mass choirs in Dallas/Fort Worth and Washington,
        D.C. Finally, Kirk began his own group, Kirk Franklin & The
        Family. They signed a contract with GospoCentric Records and
        produced a record, "Why We Sing." This song went to the top of
        the gospel charts, selling over a million records, as it crossed over
                            The Bibliography                              155


       to the rhythm & blues category. As his success grew, Franklin was
       in constant turmoil over his promiscuous lifestyle, and he spent
       many years trying to change. In 1996, he married Tammy and set
       up a household with his son and her daughter. Two years later,
       their daughter Kennedy was born. With the stability and satisfac-
       tion that his family has given him along with a miraculous recov-
       ery from a near-fatal accident, Franklin feels that he has finally
       matured. His gospel group continues to be popular, and he uses
       their concert tours and television appearances to teach about the
       faith that changed his life.

202. Franks, Gary (1953- ). Searching for the Promised Land: An
     African American's Optimistic Odyssey. New York, New York:
    Regan Books,       1996.       207 pages;         photographs.     ISBN:
    0060391561.
       Abstract:     Gary    Franks,   one   of the    only African-American
       Republicans in the U.S. Congress, was born and raised in
       Waterbury, Connecticut. His parents sent him to a private
       Catholic school to give him educational advantages. Franks was
       the star of the basketball team, served as class president, and did
       well academically. He was accepted at Yale University, where he
       studied hard and played basketball. When a career in profession-
       al basketball did not pan out, Franks went into private industry,
       working for several Fortune 500 companies over the next ten
       years. Some of his work was in affirmative action, and he helped
       cut down on cronyism and actively expanded the pool of prospec-
       tive employees for his companies. This meant going into inner
       city areas and looking for talent among different racial and eco-
       nomic groups. In 1984, Franks was recruited to run for alderman
       in Waterbury and was elected by a narrow margin. In 1986, he ran
       for the U.S. Congress. The main challenge confronting him was
       that his district was ninety percent white. Franks campaigned
       aggressively, outworking and outsmarting his complacent oppo-
       nent, and won the office, which he held until 1996. On arriving in
       Washington,    D.C., he joined the Congressional         Black Caucus
       (CBC) and discovered that he was both the only Republican and
       only conservative. He was at odds with other members on almost
       every issue and became a pariah, with CBC constantly struggling
       to keep him out of their discussions. Franks fought district gerry-
       mandering to create concentrations of voters of a certain race.
       Although the supposed purpose of this practice was to increase
       the number of nonwhite congressmen and women, it served to
       further polarize constituencies. Franks has always contended that
       the right person will be elected no matter what, and pointed to his
156        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         support among voters of all races in his district. He was against
         the Million Man March on Washington, D.C., in 1995 because of
         the racist views of Louis Farrakhan, one of the leaders. Franks felt
         that a march that excluded so many (only black men were encour-
         aged to attend) could not have a positive effect. He has also
         fought for welfare reform, supporting changes that would encour-
         age people to better themselves, make an independent living, and
         strengthen their families.

203. Frazier, Joe.   Smokin’ Joe: The Autobiography of a Heavyweight
      Champion of the World, Smokin’ Joe Frazier.        Written with Phil
      Berger.   New York, New York: Macmillan, 1996.              213 pages;
      photographs. ISBN: 002860847x.
         Abstract: Boxing champion Joe Frazier was born in Laurel Bay,
         Beaufort County, South Carolina. He was the twelfth child and
         the baby of the family. His parents owned ten acres of land and
         hired out to white farmers. Frazier developed an interest in box-
         ing at a young age and worked out regularly one hour a day with
         a homemade heavy bag. His uncle predicted that he would be the
         heavyweight champion of the world, a prediction that Frazier
         expected to fulfill, but which most others laughed off. At fifteen,
         in 1959, Frazier left South Carolina for New York and then
         Philadelphia, where he worked at a slaughterhouse. He discov-
         ered the Police Athletic League Gym and soon began training for
         a boxing career in earnest. During the early 1960s, Frazier began
         winning amateur meets and training for the 1964 Olympics. He
         was an alternate and sparring partner to Buster Mathis. When
         Mathis developed an injury, Frazier stepped into the competition,
         and won the gold medal with a judges' vote of three-to-two
         against Germany's Hans Huber. Olympic gold did not translate
         into a boxing career or financial security at home. Having injured
         his hand in the championship round, Frazier was laid off tem-
         porarily from his slaughterhouse job, and his family found it diffi-
         cult making ends meet on his wife's salary. A Philadelphia sports
         writer wrote an article for the local newspaper describing the
         financial woes of the Frazier family, and members of the commu-
         nity began sending money, food, and gifts. The family survived
         their hard times, Frazier's hand healed, and he began a profes-
         sional career. By 1970, Frazier had earned the world heavyweight
         title. He achieved this, however, while Muhammad Ali was in
         prison for resisting the draft, and when Ali was released, their
         rivalry commenced along with a series of multimillion dollar chal-
         lenge fights. Frazier won the first fight, earning 2.5 million dollars -
         and the undisputed heavyweight title. He later lost his title to
                         The Bibliography                                 157


        George Foreman, and then two further challenges to Ali. Frazier
        found it difficult to hang up his gloves even after another loss to
        Foreman, but finally retired with a record of thirty-two wins in
        thirty-six fights. After retiring, Frazier coached upcoming boxers,
        including his two sons Marvis and Hector. He pursued a singing
        career and was inducted into the Boxing Hall of Fame.

204. French, Albert.   Patches of Fire: A Story of War and Redemption.
     New York, New York: Anchor Books, 1997.             241 pages.    ISBN:
     0385483635 : 038548366x.
        Abstract: African American Albert French writes about his expe-
        rience fighting with the U.S. Marines in the Vietnam Conflict and
        about his life after leaving the service. French was a twenty-one-
        year-old corporal in the Marines in the summer of 1965 when he
        was sent to Vietnam to serve in the infantry. He describes the con-
        stant fear and tension the troops were under, the conversations he
        and his fellow servicemen had, and details of their daily routine.
        He writes about his emotions when he killed a Vietnamese for the
        first time and the overwhelming and constant desire to leave it all
        behind him and go home. In early December, the squad he lead
        was caught in a battle at Chu Lai that left him badly wounded and
        most of the others dead. In shock from his own wounds and the
        death of his friends, he was immediately sent back to the United
       States, still wearing his battle fatigues. The first part of the book
       ends as he is reunited with his family in Philadelphia for
       Christmas.   Part II begins in 1987, when he had been working as a
       newspaper photographer for thirteen years. He had started his
       own magazine, which, despite a successful beginning, failed. The
       ensuing depression and sense of helplessness took him to the
       Vietnam Veterans’ Center, where he received counseling and par-
       ticipated in a support group of veterans. He discovered that he
       was not the only one with feelings of trauma and guilt that were
       still fresh many years after the war had ended. A business failure,
       however, sent him back into despair. He began writing about his
       war experiences as a way to deal with his depression. The result-
       ing work became Part I of this book. While waiting for a literary
       agent to sell it, French feverishly wrote two novels, Billy and Holly,
       within the space of a few months. When these novels were pub-
       lished (in 1993 and 1995 respectively), their success in the United
       States and England brought French a respectable income. For the
       first time in almost thirty years, French found himself to be a func-
       tioning member of society, experiencing normal, human emotions
       and even falling in love.
158        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



205. Frost, David (1917- ). Witness to Injustice.        Edited by Louise
      Hutchings Westling. Introduction by Charles Reagan Wilson.
      Jackson, Mississippi: University Press of Mississippi, 1995. 110
      pages; index. ISBN: 0878058206 : 0878058435.
         Abstract: In his narrative, Frost, an Alabama native, tells about his
         early childhood. He describes two things that had a strong influ-
         ence on his life: "(1) Watching my parents make moonshine in our
         back yard in a washpot . . . and (2) listening to my parents tell the
         story of how the Peterson boy had been lynched here in Eufaula"
         (p. 5). In speaking of his early years, Frost focuses on the lynch-
         ings and the fear of white people that he developed because of
         these lynchings. He describes a beating he himself got during an
         early run-in with the law. As a young man, he began to make
         moonshine, and this was his main occupation for many years.
         Once when he was caught, he chose a three-month prison term in
         Kilby Prison rather than pay to be let out of jail. He was proud
         later to learn that this was the way Martin Luther King, Jr. and
         Malcolm X had handled their own incarcerations.        In 1948, he
         joined the NAACP, registered to vote, and, subsequently, faced the
         wrath of the local white population. This and his continued
         moonshine production kept him in constant trouble with the law.
         (He notes that when     George   Wallace,   the future governor    of
         Alabama, was judge in Balfour County, he was fair to black men
         and suggests that the racist attitudes Wallace demonstrated later
         as a politician were something he devised to maintain his popu-
         larity.) While involved in activities to improve schools for blacks
         and get a fair price for land, Frost was arrested a final time for
         operating a still, and this time served a three-year prison term.
         The sentence was set by George Wallace's brother, also a judge: "I
         was looking for him to give me a year and a day, like he had been
         giving all the other people for making moonshine. But Judge
         Wallace gave me three years. Then Irealized that the one year was
         for the moonshine and the two years were for my civil rights activ-
         ities" (p. 85). Frost notes the changes in black-white relations and
         the gains in civil rights for African Americans since his childhood.

206. Fulwood, Sam.       Waking from the Dream: My Life in the Black
      Middle Class. New York, New York: Anchor Books, 1996.                247
      pages. ISBN: 0385478224.
         Abstract:   Sam Fulwood III, a correspondent for the Los Angeles
         Times, writes about his life as a middle-class African American and
         how economic and career success does not mean acceptance in
         society as a whole. Fulwood was born into a middle-class family
                 The Bibliography                                 159



in Charlotte, North Carolina. His father was a well-respected
Presbyterian minister and his mother was an elementary school
teacher. He grew up in a cocooned society in which his parents
did what they could to keep him from having to leave home and
deal with white society. He ventured out of this sanctuary when
he was chosen to integrate a junior high school and later when he
attended the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill (UNC),
where black and white students were clearly divided. Fulwood
managed to move among both groups of students by working on
the otherwise all-white staff of the school newspaper, the Daily Tar
Heel, and helping found UNC's chapter of Alpha Phi Alpha, the
oldest black fraternity in the United States. After graduation, he
began working for a series of major newspapers. Fulwood always
tried to be accepted for who he was and what he was capable of
doing, but never failed to uncover a reason related to race for
every promotion or lack of one. At the Charlotte Observer, he was
transferred from the sports section to the business section in what
he suspected was a gesture to appease the black business commu-
nity in Charlotte. After being hired by the Baltimore Sun, he was
assigned to work one summer in South Africa, and he realized
there that "Nothing I shall ever accomplish or discover or earn or
inherit or buy or sell or give away nothing I can ever do will out-
weigh the fact of my race in determining my destiny" (p. 164).
This made him angrier and more disillusioned than ever. Upon
his return, he found out that he was on a "black headhunting list"
that newspapers referred to when they found themselves in need
of a token black employee. Fulwood had great expectations for a
move to Atlanta, Georgia, the black mecca, but found the same sit-
uation there. Finally, in 1989, he was hired by the Los Angeles Times
to work in its Washington, D.C. bureau.    He has covered Clarence
Thomas's confirmation to the U.S. Supreme Court, the emergence
of Colin Powell as a public figure, and the Los Angeles riots fol-
lowing the Rodney King affair. Fulwood thought that the Thomas
appointment forced African-American views into the public eye,
"ripping away a facade of unity." About the Rodney King riots,
Fulwood notes that black journalists were on the streets in Los
Angeles getting the story, and white writers were getting the
bylines.
160        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



207. Galindo, Rudy.     Icebreaker: The Autobiography of Rudy Galindo.
      Written with Eric Marcus.     New York, New York: Pocket Books,
      1997. 255 pages; photographs. ISBN: 067100 3909
                                               : 0671003917.
         Abstract: In 1996, Rudy Galindo was the first Mexican-American
         ice skater ever to win the U.S. National Championships. A native
         of San Jose, California, Galindo was raised in a trailer park by a
         mother with a mental illness and a father who was often away
         from home. Although the family had little money to spare, his
         father managed to pay for private ice skating lessons for Galindo
         and his sister after they exhibited great talent for the sport. His
         sister eventually dropped out of skating when it became apparent
         that there was not enough money to pay for the two of them.
         Eventually Galindo teamed up with Kristi Yamaguchi, and the
         two skated in pairs competitions for six and a half years.
         Yamaguchi's family took him in and he lived with them during
         most of the time they worked together.     In 1990, however,
         Yamaguchi decided to concentrate on her promising singles
         career, and Galindo was left alone.    He looked for a coach and
         scrambled to get back into singles competition.    During this peri-
         od of his life, Galindo also had to deal with the declining health
         and deaths of his father and his brother, the latter of whom had
         AIDS.   After two of his coaches also died of AIDS during these
         years, Galindo was forced to recognize and come to terms with his
         own homosexuality. Galindo often found it difficult to both keep
         up his social life and the grueling practice sessions. To stay alert,
         he began taking cocaine. By the time he qualified for the U.S.
         National Championships, he had given up drugs, fired coaches
         who were too demanding, and hired his sister as his coach. Under
         the tutelage of his sister, Laura, Galindo was able to achieve his
         potential and win the Championships in 1996. His consequent
         fame meant he had money for the first time in his life, but it also
         meant constant public attention, as well as expectations from the
         gay community to serve as a spokesperson. At the end of 1996,
         Galindo decided to retire from competition to become a profes-
         sional skater.

208. Gao, Qian (1981- ). West to East: A Young Girl's Journey to China.
      San Francisco, California: China Books and Periodicals, 1996.
      179 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0835125491.
         Abstract: Qian Gao lived in Fuzhou, China until she was five. She
         and her parents immigrated to the United States, where her father
         had a job at Texas A&M University. When Gao was eleven, her
         parents made their first trip back to China, and this book is based
                         The Bibliography                                 161



        on her diary of that trip. Beginning in Hong Kong, the family went
        on to visit friends in Guanghzhou, Beijing, Shanghai, and finally
        their extended families in Fuzhou. Because she was so young
        when she left China, Gao remembered almost nothing; everything
        was new to her. She describes the Forbidden City in Beijing, their
        trip to the Great Wall, Tiananmen Square, and many other places.
        She also talks about the thrill of trying to ride a bicycle in crowds
        of bicyclists, the smells of the trains and the stations, the almost-
        forgotten taste of her favorite foods, the excitement of open mar-
        kets, and so on. After a long visit with her beloved grandmother
        and various aunts, uncles and cousins, Gao found it difficult to
        return to her life in Texas after rediscovering her "home" in China.

209. Gardner,   LeRoy    (1924- ).    Prophet without Honor.       St. Paul,
    Minnesota: The Author, 1996. 178 pages; photographs. ISBN:
    none.
        Notes: Also published St. Paul: Neo Life Publications, 1991. ISBN:
        none, (173 pages).
        Abstract: Gardner was born in segregated Kansas and moved,
        while still a young child, with his parents to St. Paul, Minnesota.
        He writes that he escaped segregation but not the "broad tentacles
        of the 'white supremacy ethic" (p. 31). Time after time throughout
       his life he was   confronted   with ignorance, racist attitudes, and
       racist epithets. He became a lifeguard at a public pool only after
       having to wrestle and subdue the mock victim, who had purpose-
       ly nearly drowned the previous African-American applicant for
       the position. He was sent to a reform school at the age of fifteen
       after defending himself against five white boys who attacked him
       on the street. It was after this incident that he knew that he would
       have to follow a different set of rules if he was to survive. He
       learned to control his anger and his reactions, to make a point
       politely, and to decide when to let something pass. Gardner grad-
       uated from high school and became a Christian while at the
       reform school. He planned to attend seminary, but had to work
       for several years to earn tuition. After earning the requisite tuition
       money, Gardner decided to go to Bethel Seminary in St. Paul.
       When he arrived, however, he was told that he couldn't register
       because they didn't accept African Americans. He was admitted
       only after signing a contract stating that he would set an example
       for the race and that if he were to be found offensive in any man-
       ner he would be expelled and no other African Americans would
       ever be admitted. "I learned that the profession of Christianity
       was often divorced from its practice in regard to persons of color"
162       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



       (p. 58). In 1957, after working at various other jobs, Gardner
       organized the North Central Baptist Church. He maintained a
       barbershop and was an unpaid pastor to the mission church.
       Gardner describes the progress of the church and his work as an
       evangelist and pastor. Although the North Central Baptist Church
       struggled financially it nonetheless ran a construction training
       program and a drug abuse counseling service. Church members,
       seeking to help low income families buy houses, raised money to
       build nineteen houses and created a fund for down payments.

210. Garrison, Zina. Zina: My Life in Women’s Tennis. Written with
     Doug Smith. Berkeley, California: Frog Limited, 2000. 211
     pages; photographs. ISBN: 1583949146.
       Abstract:   Zina Garrison began playing tennis at the age of ten.
       While a senior in high school, Garrison won the Wimbledon, U.S.
       Open, and JAL junior cup competitions. She decided to turn pro-
       fessional directly out of high school. In her book, she alternates
       chapters on her life and game strategy with chapters describing
       each of her games at the 1990 Wimbledon. At that competition,
       Garrison beat Monica Seles and Steffi Graf, but lost to Martina
       Navratilova in the finals. Garrison's role models were Wimbledon
       champions Arthur Ashe and Althea Gibson, and she trained
       briefly with Gibson at her tennis camp as a junior competitor.
       Garrison's career had many ups and downs. She describes how
       her mother and siblings all pitched in to make it possible for her
       to travel around the world on the junior competition circuit; the
       dissolution of her friendship and working relationship with team-
       mate and childhood friend Lori McNeil; the demise of her mar-
       riage; her ongoing struggle with bulimia; the complex and often
       less-than-honest world of professional agents and management
       companies; and life after the professional tour. Garrison retired in
       1996, after achieving a career-high ranking of number-four in the
       world and completing fourteen years on the professional circuit.
       She sees herself working with children and encouraging more
       African Americans to take an interest in tennis. She writes about
       the physical and emotional dangers of young girls turning pro
       while in their early teens and gives several examples of young
       stars who burnt out quickly. Garrison is clear about what one
       must give up to be a professional, but despite personal losses, she
       has few regrets.
                          The Bibliography                               163



211. Gebramariam,       Medina.       Castaway     Pearls:   Claiming    Our
     Inheritance. Virginia Beach, Virginia: Cornerstone Publishing,
     1995. ISBN: 1882185293.
        Abstract: Medina Gebramariam was born in a small village in
        Ethiopia, one of nine children. Her mother died when she was six.
        Gebramarian was devastated and left her father's house to stay
        with her oldest sister. Unfortunately, she was beaten by her sister,
        and returned to her father after six months. By this time her father
        had remarried a woman with three children of her own. Her
        father and stepmother were not happy at Gebramariam's return,
        and they gave her away to a family ina distant city. This was the
        beginning of years of travel from city to city, house to house, and
        job to job for her. Gebramariam worked for a number of different
        families in conditions that ranged from tolerable to horrific. At the
        age of ten, she was kidnapped and raped, and then sold into pros-
        titution. She experienced serious illness, mental depression bor-
        dering on insanity, and continuous poverty. As war in Ethiopia
        escalated, Gebramariam traveled on foot for seven months to
        escape to Sudan. From there she went to Saudia Arabia, where she
        was hired by the royal family. She traveled to Europe as a maid to
        one of the princesses. She fell out of favor with the princess, how-
        ever, because she was a Christian, and was sent back to Sudan.
        Through various schemes, Gebramariam made it onto a list of
        refugees bound for the United States and was sent to Baltimore.
        She was stunned to find poverty and homelessness in the United
        States, but was happy to have a second chance at life. After seri-
        ous hardship and a difficult adjustment period, Gebramariam set-
        tled in Virginia. She believes that only Christian faith allowed her
        to survive her many brushes with death. She hopes to return to
        her native village in Ethiopia to help children there who may be
        hungry or sick. She feels that "God has providentially blessed
        America, not because Americans are good, but because in God's
        scheme of things, God is using America to provide refuge to all
        refugees from around the world.     Red, yellow, black and white—
        are people all precious in God's sight" (p. 88).

212. Gibbs, Mifflin Wistar. Shadow and Light: An Autobiography with
     Reminiscences of the Last and Present Century. Introduction by
     Booker T. Washington.        Lincoln, Nebraska: University of
     Nebraska Press, 1995.       372 pages; photographs.      ISBN:
    080327050x.
       Notes: Originally published Washington, D.C.: M. W. Gibbs, 1902.
164         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



213. Gibson, Aliona L.         Nappy: Growing Up Black and Female in
      America.   New York, New York: Harlem River Press, 1995.            165
      pages; photographs. ISBN: 086316322x.
         Abstract:    Aliona Gibson, a native of Oakland, California, writes
         about her life in the East Bay area. The first part of the book dis-
         cusses images of beauty and self-appreciation. She describes the
         problem of hair for black women, the amount of time and energy
         that goes into hairstyles, and the number of ways they can go
         wrong. Gibson herself has hair that is especially difficult to style:
                     From years of pressing and chemicals, my hair
                     was ruined.     It had died a second death.
                     Ironically enough, I was writing my thesis on
                     American standards of beauty and their effect
                     on women of color. My section on black people
                     and our hair, coupled with my experience, was
                     enough to convince me to cut mine off.     (p. 5)
         Her subsequent delight with her extremely short hair was tem-
         pered by the generally negative reaction of other blacks, and for
         her, the battle with hair continues. Another aspect of self-image
         that Gibson writes about is the matter of different shades of color
         and the importance of that in society in general as well as in black
         culture. She was shocked to find out that a woman with whom
         she was friendly, considered Gibson too dark for her sons. Other
         subjects covered in the book are Gibson's experiences in education
         as a child and later as a college student in both predominantly
         white and predominantly black schools in the San Francisco East
         Bay, a trip she made to Africa after graduating from high school,
         her decision not to rush into child rearing (she was the only child-
         less woman in her family over the age of twenty-two), and the dif-
         ferences in black culture on the East (New York City) and West
         (Northern California) coasts. Gibson devotes her final pages to
         several women who have served as mentors and "second mothers"
         to her, guiding her through many lifestyle decisions and into
         adulthood.

214. Glancy, Diane. The Cold-and-Hunger Dance. Lincoln, Nebraska:
     University of Nebraska Press, 1998. 109 pages; photographs.
      ISBN: 0803221738.
         Abstract:    Glancy was born the child of a Cherokee man and an
         English and German mother. She never felt accepted by either of
         the cultures.    She married, had two children, and divorced after
         nineteen years. She now teaches Native American literature and
                        The Bibliography                                165


       creative writing at Macalester College in St. Paul, Minnesota.   She
       enjoys writing in many different styles. Her subjects include the
       art of writing, her Native-American culture and its religions, and
       Christianity.    Along with several autobiographical sections,
       Glancy's book includes a number of essays and poems, many of a
       religious nature:
            "The Autobiography of My Life with Jesus," "Sun Dance"
            (about Lakota   and Dakota    ceremonies   she attended), "The
            House of Him Who Hath His Shoe Loosed," "Photography" (a
            poem), "The Bible and Black Elk Speaks" (a comparison of
            Christianity and Native-American religion), "nahna adulvdi
            gesvi (of that wanting    which   is)" (a poem),   "Headwind"
            (about a visit to China, and thoughts on Christianity), "On
            Boards and Broken Pieces of the Ship" (a contemplation of
            God and Lakota religion), "Why Nations War" (thoughts on
            rage and weakness based on the noise caused by the bakery
            in front of her house), "North Shore Portrait" (on writing), "A
            Ute Sun Dance Story" (a Ute legend), "She-ro-ism" (about
            writing), "A Fieldbook of Textual Migrations" (comments on
            the Cherokee language), "Newmerica” (a poem), and "Eggs"
            (contemplation of her mixed culture).

215. Glover, Savion. Savion! My Life in Tap. Written with Bruce
     Weber. Foreword by Gregory Hines. New York, New York:
    William Morrow & Company, 2000.             79 pages; photographs.
    ISBN: 0688156290.
       Abstract: Glover was born in 1973 and raised with his two broth-
       ers by his mother in Newark, New Jersey. He came from a musi-
       cal family: his father was a dancer, and his mother and grandpar-
       ents were musical. His mother recognized his special talents and
       started his Suzuki training and drum lessons at the age of four-
       and-a-half. At seven, Glover began playing in a band with sever-
       al other young boys. He began dance lessons in 1982, after he was
       introduced to several famous tap dancers when his band played at
       the Broadway Dance Center. Once he started dancing, it was all
       he wanted to do. Glover's career quickly took off. In 1984, he was
       given the lead role in the Broadway production of The Tap Dance
       Kid, the third child to take the lead in this long-running musical.
       In 1988, he went to Paris to perform in Black and Blue, which later
       moved to New York. Glover writes, "... during "Black and Blue"
       was when I started realizing I could create my own kind of dance.
       Up to that point all I was doing was dancing" (p. 58). Tap dancer
       Gregory Hines saw Glover in Black and Blue in Paris, and created a
166       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        part for him in the musical review Jelly’s Last Jam. Glover devel-
        oped a close working relationship with Hines, who became an
        important mentor and father figure to him. Glover's career con-
        tinued to prosper with the production of his own musical, Bring in
        ‘da Noise, Bring in ‘da Funk, in 1995.   Glover notes the influence of
        all of the dancers who came before him, and the importance of
        respecting tradition and following professional rules.

216. Gomez, Cecil (1923- ). Mama and Papa’s Twelve Children and the
      “Y.” Wyandotte, Oklahoma: Gregath Publishing, 1997.                 341
      pages; photographs. ISBN: none.

217. Gooden, Dwight. Heat: My Life on and off the Diamond. Written
     with Bob Klapisch. New York, New York: William Morrow &
     Company, 1999. 242 pages. ISBN: 0688163394.
        Abstract: 1984 Rookie of the Year and 1985 Cy Young-winning
        pitcher Dwight Gooden was a professional baseball player from
        1983 to 1998. He played the first twelve years with the New York
        Mets and was a member of the 1986 team that won the World
        Series. He had a promising career ahead of him, but managed to
        get caught up in alcoholism and drug abuse. He was suspended
        from playing in order to get help for his addictions, and this was
        followed by a stretch of seven years when he neither drank nor
        used cocaine. In 1994, he went back to drugs and was suspended
        and subsequently released from the Mets. Once more, he fought
        to get over his addiction and was hired by George Steinbrenner for
        the New York Yankees. He pitched well, but was not assigned to
        the regular pitching rotation. After the 1997 season, the Yankees
        decided not to pick up the option on his contract and he became a
        free agent. He spent his final season with the Cleveland Indians
        and decided to retire because of his health. Gooden talks about
        many of the other players he worked with during his career, espe-
        cially Darryl Strawberry, a good friend who had similar problems.
        Gooden expresses his appreciation to George Steinbrenner for tak-
        ing a chance on him with the Yankees. A major portion of the book
        is devoted to a no-hitter game he pitched for the Yankees on May
        14, 1996, an evening when his father was having open-heart sur-
        gery. Rather than going to his bedside in Florida, Gooden opted
        to stay in New York and pitch, dedicating the game to his father.
                          The Bibliography                               167


218. Gordon, Taylor (1893-1971). Born to Be. Introduction by Muriel
     Draper. Foreword by Carl Van Vechten. Introduction to this
     edition by Thadious M. Davis. Lincoln, Nebraska: University
     of Nebraska Press, 1995. 236 pages. ISBN: 0803270526.
        Notes: Originally published New York: Friede Civici, 1929.

219. Graham, Stedman. You Can Make It Happen: A Nine Step Plan for
     Success. Foreword by Stephen R. Covey. New York, New York:
     Simon & Schuster, 1997. 270 pages.      ISBN: 068481448x :
     0684838664.
        Abstract: Stedman Graham, a successful businessman, weaves
        the story of his life into a self-help book on achieving success.
        Graham was born and raised in Whitesboro, New Jersey. He dis-
        cusses the stigma attached to the town ("nothing good comes out
        of Whitesboro") and the one attached to his family because he had
        two younger brothers with intellectual handicaps. Graham was
        tall and good at basketball, and his athletic talents took him
        through college. He had always assumed that he was headed for
        a career in professional basketball, but when this failed to materi-
        alize, he joined the U.S. Army, where he played basketball for the
        military as well as for a European professional team. After earn-
        ing a master's degree in education, Graham joined the federal
        department of corrections and worked his way up to the director
        of education at the U.S. Metropolitan Correctional Center in
        Chicago. Presently a successful independent businessman who is
        best-known for his romantic relationship with talk show host
        Oprah Winfrey, Graham is the founder of Athletes Against Drugs,
        a national organization that provides role models for young peo-
        ple. Graham also serves on the board of several organizations,
        including National Junior Achievement, a group that helps young
        people learn how to succeed. He describes his own nine-step plan
        for success, using many methods that he has followed to over-
        come obstacles, learn to work with people, and achieve his poten-
        tial.


220. Gray, Fred D. Bus Ride to Justice: Changing the System by the
     System: The Life and Works of Fred D. Gray, Preacher, Attorney,
     Politician. Montgomery, Alabama: Black Belt Press, 1995. 400
    pages; photographs. ISBN: 1881320235.
        Abstract:   Civil Rights lawyer Fred Gray was born and raised in
        Montgomery,    Alabama.    Because   of his race he was   unable to
        attend the University of Alabama Law School, and went instead to
168     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


      Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland, Ohio. Following
      graduation in 1954, he passed the Alabama bar exam and began a
      practice in his hometown with the goal of "destroying everything
      segregated I could find" (p. 19). He soon found himself in the
      thick of the Civil Rights Movement when he represented Rosa
      Parks after she refused to give up her seat on a bus to a white per-
      son, thus instigating the Montgomery Bus Boycott, on December
      1, 1955. Gray was subsequently involved in trying many famous
      civil rights cases throughout Alabama. His first case before the
      U.S. Supreme Court was to argue against the disenfranchisement
      of black voters in Tuskegee, which took place after the local gov-
      ernment redrew the city map. On the first day, he presented a map
      that dramatically portrayed Tuskegee boundaries before and after
      they were changed. The map showed that the Tuskegee Institute
      was no longer a part of the city. This shocked Supreme Court
      Justice Frankfurter and cleared the way for Gray's court victory.
      Gray also successfully represented Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.,
      who was tried for tax evasion. Gray worked for the NAACP, rep-
      resented protest marchers, and handled cases aimed at desegre-
      gating schools and protecting the property of black owners.        In
      1970, he was elected to the Alabama Legislature and held office for
      four years. He left politics without regret, however, feeling that he
      was more effective as a lawyer. In 1979, he was nominated for
      United States District Judge for the Middle District of Alabama.
      The confirmation, however, did not go smoothly. Gray assumed
      that his controversial work in civil rights was behind this, but he
      never learned what the real problem was. He finally withdrew his
      candidacy when promised that another African American would
      be nominated and quickly confirmed. Despite lingering regrets
      over losing the position, Gray continued his highly successful
      legal career. Since 1980, his personal practice has boomed and he
      has received many citations and awards for his civil rights work.
      Looking back over the years, Gray notes,
               Power has been utilized in the Movement to
               change society from total segregation to one
               which is becoming ever more just... . I believe
               that the success of the legal cases that I have been
               involved in speaks well for democracy and for
               the Constitution.   It shows that one can use the
               system, abide by its rules and regulations, and
               change society... . However, one of the most
               disheartening observations I have made over the
               years is that most of the persons who made up
               what we called the white power structure have
                           The Bibliography                               169


                   never   gone beyond   doing exactly what the
                   courts ordered.                           (p. 355)

221. Green, Al. Take Me to the River. Written with Davin Seay. New
    York, New York: HarperEnterntainment, 2000. 343 pages; pho-
     tographs. ISBN: 0380976226.
       Abstract:    Singer Al Green, born Albert Greene, grew up ina fam-
       ily of five boys and five girls in rural Jacknash, Arkansas. When
       the family moved to Grand Rapids, Michigan, the transition was
       traumatic for him. Bullied at school, lost in the streets, and lonely
       for the natural environment and sounds of his rural childhood, he
       began to fail in school. Music was always a highlight for him,
       however, both through the music available at school and at home
       singing with his brothers. Green was in love with the popular
       sounds of the day, but his father forbade him from playing the hit
       tunes in the house. He kicked Green out when he refused to com-
       ply. Thus, on his own at an early age, Green lived with friends
       while trying to earn money and form a band. He formed the
       Creations and they cut a couple of singles with the short-lived
       Zodiac studio. The group evolved into Al Greene and the Soul
       Mates. They self-produced the hit record "Back Up Train." This
       was to be the Soul Mates's only hit. After reaching nationwide
       popularity and performing nine encores at New York's Apollo
       Theater, the group went their separate ways. Green dropped the
       “e" from his name and set out to establish himself in a solo career.
       While touring, he connected with Willie Mitchell, who took charge
       of Green's career. This partnership developed into a major busi-
       ness enterprise. Green's first big hits were "Can't Get Next to You”
       and "Tired of Being Alone." "After a lifetime of work, I'd become
       an overnight sensation, and in little more than two short years, I'd
       racked up five million-selling singles. . ." (p. 287). During a tour in
       California, Green had a life-changing religious experience. Three
       albums later he broke with Mitchell, and started his own produc-
       tion company. Green then bought the Full Gospel Tabernacle in
       Memphis, Tennessee, and studied to become an ordained minister.
       He moved from pop and R&B music to gospel music, and, for this
       later phase of his singing career, he has received three Grammy
       awards. Green devotes himself to church activities and continues
       to perform and record.
170        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



222. Green, Dennis.        No Room for Crybabies.       Written with Gene
      McGivern. Champaign, Illinois: Sagamore Publishing.                 224
      pages; photographs. ISBN: 1571671757.
        Abstract:    Dennis Green, the second African American hired as a
        head   coach in professional football, grew up in Harrisburg,
        Pennsylvania, where he started playing football in junior high.
        His parents died when he was fourteen, but he had older brothers
        and neighbors to look to for support. Green, like many of his
        classmates, aspired to have a professional career in sports and
        worked hard to accomplish his goal. He received a scholarship to
        attend the University of Iowa and was one of fifteen African
        Americans on the football team. Green felt that although the
        school was in many ways open to its increasing African-American
        student body, it was not fully prepared, and tension between the
        players and administration continued throughout his time there.
        Because of injuries, Green was not NFL material following his
        graduation. He volunteered as a coach with the lowa Hawkeyes,
        was offered a position at the University of Dayton, and then
        returned to Iowa as a paid member of the coaching staff. From
        Iowa, Green joined Stanford's coaching staff and then went with
        the head coach to the San Francisco 49ers. He had his first oppor-
        tunity to head up a coaching staff at Northwestern University,
        becoming the first African-American head coach in an NCAA
        Division I-A school. Green returned to the 49ers in 1986 as Bill
        Walsh's chief of staff, and then to Stanford as head coach in 1989.
        In his work with Stanford, the 49ers and Northwestern, Green was
        successful in turning around teams that had fallen on hard times.
        It was this experience that led to a coaching offer from the
        Minnesota Vikings. His transition to Minnesota was not easy. His
        initial press conference was thorny, and his poor relationship with
        the Minnesota media continued through the writing of this auto-
        biography. He feels that racism is clearly a factor in the poor
        chemistry, citing his good rapport with the media while with
         Northwestern, San Francisco, and Stanford.        Green realizes that
         you cannot change a person's prejudices, but you can fight dis-
         criminatory actions. "I will fight these actions whenever I can. I
         also will never accept the fact that I was, will be, or could be
         denied an opportunity on the grounds that I'm the descendant of
         African-American and Native-American grandparents" (p. 164).
         Green writes that he is
                    baffled by America's inability to deal with equal
                    rights. Are you trying to tell me that the color of
                    someone's skin or their religious beliefs are sup-
                    posed to determine how we should interact and
                        The Bibliography                              171


                treat each other?    You have to be kidding me.
                People are people.    There is only one mankind
                that inhabits this one earth, and we better start
                thinking like one people.                  (p. 164)

223. Green, Wanda Jean (1929- ). And They Called It Public School
     Education: The Cleveland Public Schools. Cleveland, Ohio:
    Educational Academy for a Competitive Edge, 2000. 94 pages;
    photographs. ISBN: none.
       Abstract: Dr. Wanda Jean Green writes of her thirty-eight-year
       career in the Cleveland Public School District and her adversarial
       relationships with a succession of school superintendents. She
       began her teaching career at Rawlings Junior High School, a black
       school, and was promptly informed that she would be teaching
       "thugs and hoodlums." When the school superintendent tried to
       move her to a predominantly white high school because it was a
       "waste" to have her teaching at Rawlings, Green held her ground
       and refused to move. She felt that this was an outrageous insult
       to black students, to her school, and to all black teachers.   She
       describes the innumerable inequities between black schools and
       white schools in the school district. For example, black schools
       did not teach algebra and were so overcrowded that children were
       reduced to three-hour school days. There were no such problems
       at the white schools, and she watched as the school board shifted
       school boundaries to effectively maintain this racial separation.
       Green went on to earn credentials to become a guidance counselor
       and was later assigned to head the new Adult Education Center
       that had as many as two thousand students attending. She kept it
       open from 8:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m., and graduated one hundred
       students three times a year. Green was also consultant to the Head
       Start program for seventeen years. School superintendents saw
       her as a threat to their efforts to consolidate political power and
       tried to obstruct her efforts by moving her around and disman-
       tling her departments. But they never managed to get rid of her
       or defy the court-mandated desegregation plans which were still
       being implemented well into the 1980s. Green was never satisfied:
               How could well-trained educators view children
               as worthless thugs and 'Non-learners'? How
               could good teachers and educators take away
               from children challenging educational opportu-
               nities? I was talking education, like reading pro-
               grams, expansion of algebra, test preparation,
               etc. Their thoughts were on politics, race con-
               tainment, money. .. .                       (p. 33)
72        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



224. Green, William.         Narrative of Events in the Life of William Green
     (Formerly a Slave): Written by Himself.            Chapel Hill, North
     Carolina: Academic Affairs Library, University                of North
     Carolina at Chapel Hill, 2000.
        http://docsouth.unc.edu/neh/greenw/greenw.sgml
        http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu/neh/greenw /greenw.html
        Notes:    Documenting the American South (Project).

225. Greene, Lorenzo J. Selling Black History for Carter G. Woodson.
     Edited      with   an     introduction    by Arvarh     E. Strickland.
     Columbia, Missouri: University of Missouri Press, 1996.              428
     pages; illustrations. ISBN: 0826210686 : 0826210694.
        Abstract:   Lorenzo J. Greene was a protégé of Carter G. Woodson,
        professor and scholar at Howard University and founder of the
        Association for the Study of Negro Life and History. An earlier
        selection of diary entries for 1928-1930 appeared as Working With
        Carter G. Woodson, the Father of Black History: A Diary, 1928-1930
        (Baton Rouge: Louisiana State University Press, 1989).      The pres-
        ent diary focuses on Greene's campaign to sell the books pub-
        lished by the Association throughout the North and Southeast
        United States over a two-year period. Among the books he was
        selling were The Negro in Our History, Negro Makers of History,
        African Myths, all by Woodson, and Negroes of Africa by Maurice
        Delafosse. While on his campaign, Greene's own book, The Negro
        Wage Earner, was published by the Association, and he began to
        take orders for this title as well. Greene's diaries are full of his
        observations on black employment, the communities he visits, the
        various churches        and people he meets,   talks with, and visits.
        During his two years spent on the road, Greene came into his own
        as an established scholar in the field of black history. He was a
        ladies' man, and in his diary Greene comments on his long and
        short term relationships with a number of young women. He dis-
        cusses his relationship with Woodson. Greene was dedicated to
        the cause of Negro history and was in many ways supported and
        mentored by Woodson, but Greene believed that Woodson took
        undue credit for Greene's accomplishments. He felt that more
        young men might be inspired to enter the field and take a serious
        scholarly interest in the work of the Association if Woodson were
        of a different temperament.
                           The Bibliography                              173



226. Gregory, Dick. Callus on My Soul: A Memoir. Written with
     Shelia P. Moses. Atlanta, Georgia: Longstreet Press, 2000. 301
    pages; photographs. ISBN: 1563525542.
        Abstract:   Dick Gregory was born into poverty in St. Louis,
        Missouri, in 1932. He and his numerous siblings were raised by
        his mother, who worked as a domestic.      As a high school student,
        he joined the track team because he wanted to be able to use the
        showers. He became one of the fastest runners in the country, and
        Gregory's coach used his connections to help get Gregory into col-
        lege. His mother died at the age of forty-eight while Gregory was
        in college.   When his coach left the school, he left, too. He began
        to work as an emcee at night clubs and gradually gained a repu-
        tation as a comic.    In 1959, he married his wife Lillian; his first
       daughter was born soon after. They lived in poverty for a while,
       but their fortunes changed as Gregory got more lucrative work.
       About this time, the Civil Rights Movement was gaining steam,
        and Gregory went to Mississippi to help distribute food and reg-
        ister blacks to vote. From that time on he was deeply involved in
       nonviolent activities and was especially close to activist Medgar
       Evers. In 1967, Gregory ran against Richard Daley in the Chicago
       mayoral race. His nonviolent convictions also lead him to an
       interest in animal rights, and he subsequently became a vegetari-
       an. During his years as an activist, Gregory suspected that he was
       being harassed by the FBI and other government agencies: for
       example making sure he was denied visas. He also suspected
       such interference in the Civil Rights Movement. The Gregory fam-
       ily grew larger; he and his wife had eleven children. They moved
       from Chicago to a farmhouse in Plymouth, Massachusetts. In
       1976, Gregory ran for president of the United States. When Carter
       won,   Gregory proclaimed himself "president-in-exile," and held
       inaugural balls in Washington D.C. He continued his activism,
       visiting the Ayatollah Khomeini after the U.S. embassy in Tehran
       was seized in 1979, and making several cross-country runs and
       holding fasts to bring attention to world hunger. Gregory also
       became concerned with diet and health. He developed a success-
       ful health drink called Formula X, and he has helped extremely
       obese people lose weight.      As the book ends, Gregory discusses
       many important social issues and his stand on them. His philoso-
       phy of fasting and "Dick Gregory's Weight Loss System" are
       included as an appendix.
174       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



227. Grier, Barnett John Wesley (1915- ). Trek to Equality: An
     Autobiography. Riverside, California: Riverside Museum Press,
     1996. 248 pages; photographs; tables. ISBN: 0935661239.
       Abstract: In his book, Grier focuses on his work as a member of
       the NAACP. the Black Parent Committee, and the Naval Weapon's
       Systems Laboratory's Equal Opportunity Advisory Committee
       and as a realtor furthering the goals of Riverside, California's
       black community.      A physicist with a master's degree in mathe-
        matics and work toward a Ph.D. in theoretical physics, Grier went
        to Riverside in the early 1950s to help open the Missile Division of
        the National Bureau of Standards on the West Coast. He describes
        Riverside as a microcosm of racist attitudes and practices and dis-
        cusses his and his wife's work, as well as the work of others, to
        enact change. Besides his work in civil rights, Grier helped to start
        a credit union, an investment group, and a co-op grocery store. He
        was active in politics, served on the Riverside Coalition on World
        Hunger, and organized the Riverside affiliate of Habitat for
        Humanity. Looking back, Grier feels that conditions for African
        Americans have deteriorated since the gains of the 1960s:
        "Discrimination and racial bias are more sophisticated now, more
        difficult to prosecute in the courts and to prove" (p. 135). He
        believes that blacks are victimized by inflation, income erosion,
        fiscal conservatism, lack of health care, and the dissolution of
        affirmative action programs. Despite this bleak view, Grier has
        hope for the future: "[ must and you must continue to have
        short-term goals, long-term goals and Dreams. ... We must en-
        courage our children to do likewise" (p. 234). His book also
        includes the story of his parents, who were born slaves, his own
        childhood, and a mention of some of the major events in the
        United   States, especially those that have affected    the lives of
        African Americans.

228. Griffey, Ken, Jr. Junior: Griffey on Griffey. Written with Walter
     Iooss. New York, New York: Collins, 1997. 112 pages; photo-
     graphs. ISBN: 0002252198 : 0006491545.
        Abstract: This is a coffee table book full of photographs of, and
        text by, Seattle Mariner Ken Griffey, Jr. In this book, Griffey
        describes his feelings at being drafted into the major leagues at the
        age of seventeen, his philosophy of baseball, the difficulty of being
        well-known and dealing fairly with the public, and his relation-
        ships with teammates. He also discusses the importance of his
        family (wife Melissa, son Trey, and daughter Taryn) and how he
        was taught by his father, professional baseball player Ken Griffey,
                             The Bibliography                                175


        Sr, to always put his family first. He writes about the pleasure of
        playing professional baseball with his father, playing golf, his
        interest in architecture and his contributions to designing his
        house.

229. Grillo,     Evelio.     Black   Cuban,    Black   American:      A Memoir.
     Introduction by Kenya Dworkin Mendez.                   Houston, Texas:
     Arte Publico Press, 2000.            134 pages; photographs.         ISBN:
     155885293x.
        Abstract:     Evelio Grillo was born into a black Cuban family that
        had immigrated to the United States in the early twentieth centu-
        ry to work in the cigar-making industry. While the best cigar
        tobacco came from Cuba, much of the manufacturing was based
        in Tampa, Florida. Grillo grew up in Ybor City, a Latin communi-
        ty within the city of Tampa. He discusses the differences in the
        lives of white Cubans and black Cubans and those of black
        Cubans and black Americans. Public schools and black colleges,
        he says, were what brought all blacks together. Grillo himself did
        very well in school, and one day one of his school teachers
        announced that he would be taking him to Washington, D.C., the
        next day so that he could more actively pursue his education.
        Grillo attended Dunbar High School in Washington, D.C., an elite
        public school for blacks, and thrived under the mentorship of the
        African-American community there. After high school, his men-
        tors sent him to New Orleans to go to college at Xavier University,
        where they felt he would benefit from the familiarity of
        Catholicism and the warmer climate. The nuns who ran Xavier
        gave him plenty of attention and saw that he had work and schol-
        arships sufficient to see him through his four years there. He felt,
        however, that they probably regretted the penchant he had for
        speaking out on issues of racial discrimination. During World War
        II, he served in the U.S. Army, and was appalled by the rampant
        discrimination he and all other African-American soldiers encoun-
        tered. Throughout his military career, he was viewed by his supe-
        riors as both a troublemaker and a good leader. Based in the jun-
        gles of India, he took the lead in making life for black soldiers
        more     pleasant,   organizing   basketball   leagues and    publishing
        newspapers. After the war, Grillo went to graduate school and
        was hired by the city of Oakland, California, to work in a commu-
        nity of poor blacks and Mexican Americans. He stayed in the Bay
        Area for the rest of his career, involved in many aspects of social
        welfare and politics. The pinnacle of his career came during the
        Carter    administration,     when    Arabella    Martinez,    Assistant
        Secretary for Human Development Services at the Department of
176        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         Health,   Education   and     Welfare,    appointed   him   to serve    as
         Executive Assistant for Policy Development.

230. Guillermo,     Emil.      Amok:     Essays from an Asian             American
      Perspective. San Francisco, California: AsianWeek Books, 1999.
      230 pages. ISBN: 0966502019.
         Abstract: This book is a collection of the columns written since
         1995 by Emil Guillermo for AsianWeek magazine. A native San
         Franciscan of Filipino descent, Guillermo graduated from
         Harvard in 1977. Graduating the same year Bill Gates would have
         had he not quit, Guillermo writes that "I admire the hell out of Bill
         Gates. ... Now I don't have to make all the money in the world.
         Bill has it. I can just call Bill every now and then to make sure it's
         all safe. And then I can spend the rest of my time pursuing the
         things money can't buy" (p. 3). In order to pursue his writing
         career and put aside more worldly aspirations, Guillermo claims
         that he had to first summon the strength to reject Harvard's estab-
         lished definition of success. When he looks back over the two
         decades since his graduation, Guillermo has no regrets. His
         columns cover current issues and events that deal closely and
         directly with being an Asian American in the United States. He
         writes about the condition of immigrants in this country, stating
         that the degree of public disfavor they endure varies with the for-
         tunes of the American economy. He examines the laws that affect
         immigrants and the varying degrees to which these laws are
         enforced. Guillermo recalls an instance when he was once called
         a foreigner and told to go home by an Asian Indian who had
         immigrated to the United States and become a naturalized citizen.
         He believes that as the country's minority population grows,
         racism will not be limited to white Americans. He discusses the
         Clinton fund-raising scandal and the racism of the National Review.
         He examines the good and bad side of affirmative action, as well
         as its current fall from grace.     He discusses the growth of inter-
         marriage and the resulting multiracial children, their ethnic labels,
         and the Tiger Woods phenomenon. Guillermo also writes about
         animal rights, vegetarianism, and the fresh kill butchering prac-
         tices prevalent    in Chinatowns         across   the country.     Finally,
         Guillermo writes about the dearth of Asian legislators and the
         general unsavoriness of U.S. politics in the 1990s.
                          The Bibliography                                177


231. Guinier, Lani. Lift Every Voice: Turning a Civil Rights Setback into
     a Strong New Vision of Social Justice. New York, New York:
     Simon & Schuster, 1998.      336 pages; index.     ISBN: 0684811456.
        Abstract: On April 29, 1993, Lani Guinier, a veteran civil rights
        lawyer and faculty member at the law school of the University of
        Pennsylvania, was nominated by President Clinton for the posi-
        tion of Assistant Attorney General for Civil Rights. She was
        immediately attacked in the press by a columnist who dubbed her
        the "Quota Queen." This label spread quickly throughout the
        media, along with out-of-context quotations and misinterpreta-
        tions of her writings. None of these accounts of her law review
        articles or her experience as a civil rights attorney were ever pub-
        licly refuted, nor was she ever publicly supported by President
        Clinton or his staff. At the end, she was allowed to go on the tel-
        evision news program Nightline, her first opportunity to speak
        about her views and the unmitigated bad press she had received.
        Shortly thereafter, on June 6, 1993, the nomination was with-
        drawn,   even   before   a confirmation     hearing   was   convened.
        Guinier uses this book to speak for herself and to review her career
        as a civil rights lawyer working with the NAACP Legal Defense
        Fund to defend the spirit of the Voting Rights Act of 1967 and indi-
        viduals, primarily African Americans, who are effectively left out
        of the process of American politics and governance. Guinier con-
        cludes by advocating conversations on race beyond study circles
        and the classroom.   The goals would be "to rebuild communities,
        to reconnect concerned citizens, and ultimately to provide labora-
        tories for social justice. They would seek to rekindle the sense of
        struggle and the concept of participatory democracy that was at
        the heart of the civil rights mass movement (p. 310)."
        Conversations would give a voice to disparate constituencies. By
                 returning to the lessons I learned from the real
                 civil rights clients I had represented, I ultimately
                 survived my own personal tutorial in the politics
                 of racial justice... . I had mostly represented
                 black people who had been intimidated into
                 silent suffering, and who were released from
                 silence by the legal process and by their own
                 actions. I had watched them fight the system,
                 trying to coax it into allowing them to partici-
                 pate, not just by voting but by having a say in the
                 decisions that affected their lives.         (p. 310)
178        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



232. Gutiérrez, Jose Angel. The Making of a Chicano Militant: Lessons
     From Cristal. Wisconsin Studies in Autobiography. Madison,
      Wisconsin:     University   of Wisconsin       Press,   1998.    ISBN:
      0299159809 : 0299159841.
         Abstract:   Jose Gutiérrez worked to build Chicano and Hispanic
         organizations throughout Texas, the Pacific Northwest, and cities
         and counties throughout the country. His focus was on the town
         of Cristal, or Crystal City, Texas, his hometown, where Chicanos
         lived on one side of the railroad track and whites on the other.
         Gutiérrez began his political activities after graduating from high
         school the year that the Political Association of Spanish Speaking
         Organizations (PASO) formed in Cristal.     PASO ran five Chicano
         candidates for city council and mayor. All the candidates were
         successful and the city offices were now run by members of the
         Chicano Community. As a student at Texas A&l (the present-day
         Texas A&M University), Gutiérrez formed a student PASO, which
         sought equal representation for Chicano students on campus.       He
         founded the Mexican American Youth Organization (MAYO), was
         involved with Ciudadanos Unidos (CU), and was instrumental in
         founding the La Raza Unida Party.       One of his major activities
         with MAYO, and later in Cristal, was to organize school boycotts,
         that, if successful, would lead to Chicanos becoming teachers and
         school administrators and serving on school boards. Although it
         was initially successful in electing slates of candidates at the local
         level, several factions developed within La Raza Unida, and forces
         attacked it from without. As the party began to disintegrate and
         Gutiérrez's position within the party and as a force in Texas poli-
         tics withered, he decided to leave Texas with his wife and four
         children. The family moved to Portland, Oregon, where Gutiérrez
         taught at Western Oregon State College. He also worked for
         United Way and founded the Oregon Council for Hispanic
         Advancement (OCHA).       Gutiérrez returned to Texas in 1986 and
         rejoined Chicano political activities. At that time he pursued a law
         degree and graduated from Bates College of Law in 1989. Along
         with his own story, Gutiérrez provides a brief historical context for
         Chicanos in Southwest Texas. He also traces the history of the
         term Chicano, differentiating it from Hispanic and Latino. Gutiérrez
         concludes by speaking to the importance of passing on the funda-
         mentals of activism to the next generation: "These fundamentals
         are commitment to our cause: the right of our people to exist in
         dignity, safety, and well being; the right to our homeland; the right
         to have our culture; and the right to a future" (p. 304).
                         The Bibliography                               179


233. Haizlip, Shirlee Taylor and Harold C. Haizlip. In the Garden of
     Our Dreams: Memoirs of a Marriage. New York, New York:
    Kodansha International, 1998. 306 pages; photographs. ISBN:
    1568362544.
        Notes:    Also published New York: Anchor Books, 2000.        ISBN:
        0385497598.
       Abstract: Shirlee Taylor and Harold Haizlip write alternately
       about their life together, beginning with their courtship in the late
       1950s when Haizlip was an Amherst College graduate studying at
       the Harvard Graduate School and Taylor Haizlip was an under-
       graduate at Wellesley. It was love at first sight for both of them.
       They married right after she graduated. Taylor Haizlip went to
       work as an editor for a medical journal, while Haizlip began teach-
       ing at private schools. In the 1960s, the Haizlips were in demand
       as companies were seeking qualified African Americans to serve
       in professional capacities. Intelligent, articulate, well-dressed and
       attractive, they also found themselves on lists of socially accept-
       able blacks to be invited to parties and other society events. Both
       enjoyed living "as if we were rich," but felt uneasy about their role
       as representatives of their race. While headmaster at the innova-
       tive New    Lincoln School in New York, Haizlip was recruited by
       the governor of the U.S. Virgin Islands to serve as his commis-
       sioner of education. In the 1970s, the Haizlips and their two
       daughters spent eight years on the island of St. Thomas. Haizlip
       served as commissioner of education until the government was
       ousted from power, and Taylor Haizlip went to work for the local
       television station. By the late 1970s, when they decided to return
       to the mainland, neither was able to find a job because hiring
       blacks for high-profile positions had gone out of vogue, and their
       prospects were bleak. When Taylor Haizlip was offered a job in
       Los Angeles, the couple decided to relocate there, despite having
       to leave their family on the East Coast. They remain in Southern
       California to this day. Haizlip is actively involved in community
       work dealing with young people, especially in the wake of the
       riots following the Rodney King incident. Taylor Haizlip wrote
       the book The Sweeter the Juice (Simon & Schuster, 1994), a project
       aimed at finding the white side of her mother's family, relatives
       from whom her mother, who was on the black side, had been sep-
       arated her entire life. She succeeded in reuniting her mother with
       her sister and expanding an already large, loving family.
180           Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



234. Halbert, Willie Holton.       Precious Treasures.        Rochester, Illinois:
      We Write Corporation, 1998. 192 pages. ISBN: 1576350231.
         Abstract: Willie Holton Halbert works as the Assistant Supervisor
         for the Illinois Department of Corrections in the Community
         Services Division. She has worked as a counselor and caseworker
         at the medium security Logan Correctional Center and the maxi-
         mum security Pontiac Correctional Center. Besides her official
         work, Halbert has also volunteered her time to direct theater pro-
         ductions in both correctional centers. Halbert describes her calling
         to prison work and the twists and turns that led her to this career.
         Besides her work, Halbert writes about her family and friends in
         Texas and Illinois and tells the story of her daughter's successful
         fight with cancer. Halbert and her husband both attended Illinois
         State University     in Normal,    Illinois,   and   continue      to live in
         Bloomington, where they are active in the Baptist Church and
         have worked with church youth. Halbert is a member of the
         National Association of Blacks in Criminal Justice and has served
         as    the   Human    Relations    Commissioner         for   the     City   of
         Bloomington.      She is active with Cultural Festival, Inc., which
         organizes an annual multicultural arts festival each year and with
         the "Not in Our Town" organization, which was formed to fight
         racism      and hate crimes      in the Bloomington/Normal              area.
         Looking back on her life, she considers each of her memories to be
         treasures and writes, "Everyone has precious treasures more valu-
         able than money—more impressionable on the soul than power or
         fame. Everyone has a story to tell" (Foreword). Halbert stresses
         that it is important to recall and tell others about our important
         and positive memories to counteract the stories we hear about
         societal and world problems.

235. Hall, Bruce Edward.           Tea That Burns: A Family Memoir of
      Chinatown. New York, New York: Free Press, 1998.                   308 pages;
      photographs; index. ISBN: 068483989x.

         Abstract:      Writer Bruce Hall is a fourth-generation Chinese
         American. His mother was a white woman from Oklahoma and
         his father a third-generation Chinese American. As a child, Hall's
         family moved whenever his father was promoted and, eventually,
         Hall lost almost all connection to his mother's family.
                     Chinatown was the only constant in my life, it
                     seemed, the only spot to which I could always
                     return to familiar surroundings and see the
                     thumbprint of generations that had died before
                     living memory. ... It was a place with tradition,
                         The Bibliography                                181


                  with customs, with old people who knew my
                  father and would call him by baby names I never
                  heard anywhere else. It was a place that
                  America hadn't homogenized out of existence,
                  and there one could smell the village where the
                  Ancestors had lived for perhaps a thousand
                  years before.                             (p. 2)
       Hall traces his family history from the time his great-grandfather
       left his village in China in 1873 to come to the United States. The
       history of his family coincides in large part with that of Chinese
       immigration to the United States and so he combines the history
       of his family with a history of New York City's Chinatown. Hall
       used books, newspapers, and other reference material to help fill
       in the blanks of memories, letters, and family stories. The book
       gives an account of daily life in early Chinatown, the dismal ratio
       of men to women, the effect of various immigration laws on the
       population, and the people and organizations that were active in
       supporting the residents of Chinatown.         Hall provides back-
       ground on such elements of Chinatown as the Tong wars and
       sweat shops. He describes how his schoolmates focused on his
       Chinese ancestry and the various ways his blonde mother dealt
       with confusion caused by the appearance of her children. He
       recounts the many aspects of his Chinese background that have
       given him connection and ethnic roots.

236. Hammad, Suheir. Drops of This Story. New York, New York:
     Writers & Readers/ Harlem River Press, 1996. 93 pages. ISBN:
     0863162436.
       Abstract: Poet Suheir Hammad was born in a Palestinian refugee
       camp in Jordan. Her family lived in Beirut during the civil war in
       Lebanon.    Later, they moved   to Brooklyn, New York, where her
       father ran a butcher shop. Hammad found it difficult to relate to
       her parents’ traditional, Palestinian lifestyle. She felt more com-
       fortable with the culture of her black neighbors and classmates
       than to that of her parents. But with family still in the Middle East,
       and an uncle killed by Israeli soldiers, Hammad has developed an
       attachment to her Palestinian heritage. She writes that she is "[a]
       Palestinian woman speaking for herself, without some sympa-
       thetic anthropologist talking for her. A poor kid who grew up to
       tell the stories she lived. The want of my feet for Palestinian soil
       and Brooklyn concrete. The itch of fingers for a hand to hold.
       Burn of heart for a lover. The tear of my eye for some peace" (p.
       89).
182        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



237. Hankins, Anthony Mark. Fabric of Dreams: Designing My Own
     Success. Written with Debbie Markley. New York, New York:
     Dutton Books, 1998. 288 pages. ISBN: 0525943293.
        Abstract: Anthony Mark Hankins was born in Elizabeth, New
        Jersey, the youngest of seven children. He was interested in fash-
        ion and design at an extremely young age, and at age seven, he
        sewed a suit for his mother which she proudly wore to a wedding.
        His natural curiosity, exuberance, and seemingly unending energy
        led him to do well in school. After high school, Hankins was
        accepted at Pratt Institute, where he served as an intern to Homer
        Layne, a well-known but unassuming designer. Hankins worked
        for Layne, continued to make clothes for people around him, and
        still managed to keep up with his assignments, including a "Hula-
        Hoop dress" which caused a sensation at the school. Hankins ulti-
        mate goal was to go to Paris and work for designer Yves San
        Laurent. He managed to schedule an interview at Ecole de la
        Chambre Syndicale de la Couture Parisienne in Paris, but had no
        money to get there. He used his connections to publicize his
        plight on television, and the result was a ticket to Paris from an
        anonymous donor, tuition paid by Yves Saint Laurent, and even-
        tually a job at Laurent's world-renowned fashion house.
        Returning home, Hankins found himself out of work. Small jobs
        earned him some degree of fame, and he was eventually hired at
        J. C. Penney headquarters in Dallas, Texas. He designed an attrac-
        tive, affordable line of clothing which he created with his mother
        and her friends in mind. The company agreed to produce the line,
        but never fully supported it despite its successful sales. After two
        years he decided to leave J. C. Penney and start his own company
        with the help of Bruce Ackerman, a Penney's veteran who saw
        promise in Hankins. His company remains located in Dallas, and
        at the time of publication, Hankins was selling his designs at
        department stores throughout the country, over Black
        Entertainment Television, and on the Home Shopping Network.
        He was also about to launch a new clothing line for Sears. In 1997,
        Hankins was recognized as a Young Star at the Trumpet Awards,
        an annual awards ceremony established to recognize African-
         American accomplishments.

238. Hargrove, Gloria. Mission in Life: The Journey to Find My Dream.
      New York, New York: Vantage Press, 1998. 131 pages. ISBN:
      0533123208.
         Abstract: Hargrove's book is divided into three sections: the first
         describes her life and the events that brought her to the ministry;
                         The Bibliography                               183


        the second contains a selection of her sermons; the final is a case
        study. Hargrove was born in Brooklyn, New York, in 1953. At age
        five, she was raped by a man who lived in her building. She was
        never able to talk about it because the man threatened to kill her.
        She suffered from nightmares and became very fearful. As a
        young woman, Hargrove and her friends got work with a model-
        ing agency, and at the age of fifteen, she started her own modeling
        business. She and her friends were quite successful, but they were
        working in an environment where there was a ready supply of
        drugs, and many of the girls were in abusive relationships. At one
        point, Hargrove attempted suicide, taking an overdose of pills.
        She was rescued and taken to the hospital. As she was recovering,
        she knew intuitively that her grandmother and mother were pray-
        ing for her, and this motivated her to look for a less destructive
        path to follow. Years later, after Hargrove had married, borne chil-
        dren, and left New York for Florida, she learned that her younger
        sister was in the final stages of AIDS, and she went back to New
        York to be with her. Hargrove promised her sister that she would
        organize a big gospel concert in her honor and invite a famous
        evangelist to speak. Organizing the concert was an enormous job,
        but she was able to carry it off. Part of Hargrove's work entailed
        forming and training a children's choir, comprised largely of at-
        risk children from her neighborhood in Florida. It was while
        working on this concert that Hargrove began her work as a minis-
        ter in the Pentecostal church.

239. Haro, Juan. The Ultimate Betrayal: An Autobiography.             Pitts-
     burgh, Pennsylvania: Dorrance Publishing Company,                1998.
     173 pages. ISBN: 080594379x.

240. Harris, Eddy L. Mississippi Solo: A River Quest. New York, New
     York: N. Lyons Books, 1988. 250 pages. ISBN: 1558210016.
        Notes:   Also published New York: Henry Holt and Company,
        1998. ISBN: 0805059032; New York: Perennial Library, 1989. ISBN:
        0060972475.
       Abstract: Harris decided to take an October canoe trip down the
       Mississippi River. He started at Lake Itasca in Minnesota and con-
       tinued down to New Orleans. Harris's first steps were to secure a
       canoe and moral support from his friends. Armed with some sup-
       plies and determination, Harris began his trip, developing his
       canoeing skills along the way. Except for one encounter with two
       unfriendly white men and another with a pack of wild dogs, most
       of Harris's trip was pleasant though back breaking. The people
184         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



          Harris met along the way were interested in his trip, chatted with
          him, shared a meal with him, or gave him rides. Although there
          were a number of times Harris was ready to give up, he success-
          fully completed his voyage, maneuvering through lakes and locks
          and dams and sharing the water way with tugs, tow boats, barges,
          and tankers.

241. —.    Native Stranger: A Blackamerican's Journey into the Heart of
      Africa.   New      York, New    York: Simon     & Schuster, 1992.        315
      pages. ISBN: 0671748971.
          Notes: Also published New York: Vintage Books, 1993.               ISBN:
          0679742328.
          Abstract: Harris traveled to Africa to learn about a continent he
          felt drawn to, but not a part of. A travel writer, Harris has previ-
          ously described his travels through the American South, along the
          Eastern seaboard of the United States, and in Harlem. He travels
          to discover aspects of himself, his heritage, and the larger context
          of being an American or "Blackamerican." Harris prepared for his
          African journey in Paris. There he met with immigrants from
          Senegal, Ivory Coast, and Algeria. From Paris, Harris traveled to
          Tunis, Algeria, Morocco, Western Sahara, Mauritania, Senegal,
          Gambia, Guinea-Bissau, Mali, Ivory Coast, Liberia, Burkina Faso,
          Togo, Benin, Nigeria, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Zaire,
          Rwanda, Burundi, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.        He concluded his
          travels in South Africa. Harris writes,
                   So how does a Blackamerican travel to Africa?
                   Certainly not as an African, for that I am not.
                   Nor as a cultural European, for I am more than
                   merely that. And more, too, than hybrid.
                   Another    race,   perhaps,   newborn   and   distinct,
                   forged in the blast furnace of slavery, tempered
                   and tested in the foundry of survival.
                                                          (pp. 28-29)
          At the end of his journey, Harris considered the many aspects of
          Africa that he found troubling and unacceptable. He felt that he
          did not get to know the continent sufficiently, and he describes his
          experiences as "full of dullness and pain," "interesting and agoniz-
          ing" (p. 313). Harris's year in Africa left him with questions about
          his own cultural identity unanswered.
                           The Bibliography                                185


242.—.    South of Haunted Dreams: A Ride through Slavery’s Old.
    Backyard. New York, New York: Simon & Schuster, 1993. 254
    pages. ISBN: 0671748963.
        Notes: Also published New York: Henry Holt and Company, 1997
        as South of Haunted Dreams: A Memoir. ISBN: 0805055746.
        Abstract:    Harris learned from his experiences touring through
        Africa that his roots were not in Africa, but in the American South.
        Harris was raised in St. Louis, but his father was from the South
        and had been forced to leave his hometown after angering a group
        of white men. Harris was raised on such stories about his father,
        as well as stories of school integration, lynchings, bombings, and
       burning crosses. He set out from St. Louis on motorcycle to tour
       the South with a preconceived notion of what race relations would
       be like, how he would be treated, and what he would find. Harris
       writes, "I travel to the South to confront the source of my anger. I
       am half hoping to hurt someone. At the same time I am longing
       to find a new South, a new America, hoping with heart and soul
       that all is not hopelessness and despair" (p. 22). Although he
       found remnants of the old South he had heard about from his
       father, Harris also found kindness, hospitality, generosity, interest,
       and change. He talked with the white and black people whom he
       came across sitting on porches, eating in cafes, or working in gas
       stations.  His book describes the thoughts, encounters, and
       impressions which he gathered as he traveled through the states of
       Georgia,     Kentucky,   Louisiana,   Arkansas,   Alabama,   Tennessee,
       North Carolina, and Mississippi.

243. —. Still Life in Harlem: A Memoir. New York, New York: Henry
     Holt and Company, 1996. 276 pages. ISBN: 0805048510 :
     0805048529.
       Abstract:    For Harris, "Harlem" is not only a geographical desig-
       nation but a metaphor for "the world of black folk." Harris decid-
       ed to move to Harlem after a period of time living a more cosmo-
       politan life style. He had chosen at an early age to be "a man,"
       rather than "a black man," and had hopes of not being defined by
       his skin color. He decided it was time, however, to rejoin the black
       community. Harris invokes images of the Harlem of history and,
       for many, of legend. Upon his arrival, however, he found a
       Harlem that contrasted starkly with his expectation: rats and
       trash, burnt out buildings and cars, many people without
       prospects or hope. In this book, Harris seeks to come to terms
       with what it means to be black and what his role might be in the
       black community, either in or outside of Harlem. He views leav-
186        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        ing Harlem as a surrender, but he also suggests that coming back
        to it is a kind of surrender as well. He feels that it constitutes giv-
        ing in to white expectations for failure and white desire for sepa-
        rateness. Harris describes the people he meets: those who are part
        of the criminal drug element; those who found that they had to
        leave Harlem to prosper; and those who left but came back.
        Harris finds the single most devastating factor for people trapped
        in poverty in Harlem to be the loss of hope. He sees a need for
        positive role models within the community who could provide
        examples of a way of life that leads to economic success and who
        could   prove   that there are reasons    to care   about   the future.
        Despite the innumerable obstacles to change within Harlem,
        Harris ends his book with a note of optimism. He says that there
        is indeed reason to believe that there can be a reversal of the hope-
        lessness and despair that permeate life on the streets of Harlem
        and the souls of many of its residents.

244. Harris, LaDonna. LaDonna Harris: A Comanche Life. Edited by
     H. Henrietta Stockel.   Lincoln, Nebraska: University of
      Nebraska Press, 2000.         147 pages; photographs.              ISBN:
      080322396x.
         Abstract:   A member of the Comanche Indian tribe, activist, and
         former U.S. vice-presidential candidate, LaDonna Harris grew up
         in Southern Oklahoma and was raised primarily by her grandpar-
         ents. Her mother was the first in her family to marry a white man,
         and she lived and worked away from the family farm in Walters,
         Oklahoma. Harris was in a variety of activities in high school and
         graduated, despite the high Indian dropout rate and the fact that
         she was dyslexic. She met her husband Fred while in high school
         and they married right before graduation. Harris changed quick-
         ly from a farm girl with a high school education to an independ-
         ent social and political activist. Fred, who began his political
         career with the Oklahoma State Legislature, went on to the United
         States Senate and ran for U.S. President twice. Harris was always
         a partner in his campaigns. It was highly unusual, even shocking,
         for a candidate's wife to be on the campaign trail during their
         early political days in Oklahoma, but both Fred and LaDonna
         ignored their detractors and became a winning team. LaDonna
         describes her many local and national activities which focused on
         better opportunities for African Americans and tribal people in
         Oklahoma and elsewhere and on mental health issues. Her earli-
         est community activities, however, were close to home. She was
         active with the Honcho Group, which worked to integrate public
         places in Lawton, Oklahoma. Their first effort was to integrate the
                         The Bibliography                                187


       restaurants. They succeeded through quiet peer pressure and by
       asking the owners "respectfully to integrate their establishments"
       (p. 55). The group moved on to integrate housing, jobs, and the
       public swimming pool. Harris helped found the Oklahomans for
       Indian Opportunity. Through this organization, she got state
       agencies involved in Indian education issues and tribal living con-
       ditions.    Harris also surveyed mental health institutions in
       Oklahoma and made a report which Fred used to enact state leg-
       islation to implement improvements.         When Fred went to
       Washington, D.C., as a senator, Lyndon Johnson appointed Harris
       to the Mental Health Commission to work as an advisor to the War
       on Poverty campaign and to the National Indian Opportunities
       Council. After leaving Washington, D.C., Harris founded the
       Americans for Indian Opportunity and continues to be actively
       involved. She writes, "AIO has grown beyond my wildest dreams
       and today has a long list of accomplishments" (p. 117). One of
       AIO's major goals is to work tribal governments into the federal
       system and to solidify their sovereignty and independence. In
       1980, Harris was the vice-presidential candidate for the Citizens'
       Party, running with presidential candidate Barry Commoner.

245. Harris, Lynne Gray. Finally Me! Foreword by D. Marilyn
     Fullard. Tracy, California: The Pallen Company, 1997. 143
     pages. ISBN: 0965787206.
       Abstract: Lynne Harris was a single mother with a two-year-old
       son when she met William "Bubba" Paris, left tackle for the San
       Francisco 49ers football team. She had goals and ambition and
       was just taking her first steps in a promising career with Digital
       Equipment Corporation when Paris asked her to marry him. After
       accepting his proposal, he informed her that he did not want his
       wife to hold a job. Although she tried to convince him that it
       would be important to her and useful to them both for her to con-
       tinue to work, she finally agreed to quit. After that, she gave in to
       every demand Paris made, including his insistence that she not
       use birth control. Harris consequently had five children within as
       many years. Harris describes her ten-year marriage to an abusive
       man, her mother's death, her attempts to change her husband, and
       finally her determination to divorce him. When the divorce was
       finally settled, Harris moved with her children to Tracy, California.
       She later reunited with the father of her first child, and entered
       into a balanced relationship in which the interests of both husband
       and wife were taken into consideration.
188        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



246. Harrison, Alvin and Calvin Harrison. Go to Your Destiny.
     Foreword by André Farr. New York, New York: Hyperion,
      2000. 157 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0786867884.
         Abstract:   Runners Alvin and Calvin Harrison are identical twins
         who have shared almost all aspects of their tumultuous lives.
         They were first raised by their grandmother in a poor neighbor-
         hood in Orlando, Florida, and, at age eight, they moved to Salinas,
         California, to live with their father in a more affluent and stable
         environment.    In high school, both brothers excelled at track and
         field, winning in national and international competitions.     Their
         stable life, however, was disrupted when they moved          back to
         Florida with their father. By this time, they considered Salinas
         their home and convinced their father to let them return. The next
         two years, however, found them scrambling for a place to live and
         food to eat. They received track scholarships to the local commu-
         nity college, but finances finally forced them to go back to Orlando
         where they found that most of their friends were selling drugs and
         involved with gangs. Determined to resist this lifestyle, the broth-
         ers returned to Salinas to train for the 1996 Olympic trials. Alvin
         made the Olympic team and gained sponsorship, but Calvin lost
         his heat by seven-thousandths of a second. In Atlanta, Alvin won
         a gold medal in the four-by-four hundred meter men's relay. His
         Nike endorsement allowed both brothers to continue to train and
         compete on the international circuit, but they were plagued by
         severe injuries and, worse, the murder of their sister and the death
         of their grandmother. They were able to recuperate mentally and
         physically to attend the trials for the 2000 Olympics in Sydney,
         Australia. This time they both made the team and, together with
         Michael Johnson and Antonio Pettigrew, won the gold medal in
         the the four-by-four hundred meter relay. Full of optimism, they
         see nothing but opportunity for themselves in the world of track
         and field.

247. Hart, Elva Trevifio. Barefoot Heart: Stories of a Migrant Child.
     Tempe, Arizona: Bilingual Press/Editorial Bilingtie, 1999. 236
      pages. ISBN: 0927534819.
         Abstract: Elva Trevifio Hart writes in anecdotal form about her
         life as a poor Mexican-American child in a family of migrant
         workers. Born the sixth child seven years after her closest brother
         in a family of otherwise-closely spaced children, she had a some-
         what lonely childhood. The family lived in Pearsall, Texas, in an
         almost-entirely Mexican environment, and they spent many sum-
         mers toiling in the beet fields of Minnesota. Hart spent these sum-
                         The Bibliography                               189


       mer days in the family car feeling left out and waiting to be sig-
       naled to bring water at break time because she was too young to
       work. Her father insisted that all of his children graduate from
       high school, and as the siblings grew up and moved out, they sent
       for Elva to spend her vacations with them in Minnesota,
       Wisconsin, and New York. She excelled at her studies, even
       though she only qualified for the award of "High Point Mexican
       Girl" and her mother considered her love of reading suspicious.
       Hart became the first person in her family to go to college. She got
       a job with IBM, complete with a high salary and corporate jet at
       her disposal. After years of therapy in which she dealt with her
       belief that she was a “useless child,” she began to write down sto-
       ries of her past and came to terms with her father before he died.
       She concludes: "I saw how much power there is in embracing
       exactly who you are. For me it is being a Mexican American
       writer. I am no longer alone; I have found my pack" (p. 236).

248. Haskins, Clem.    Clem Haskins: Breaking Barriers.      Written with
    Marc Ryan. Champaign, Illinois: Ports Publishing, Inc., 1997.
    238 pages; photographs. ISBN: 1571671439.
       Abstract: Clem Haskins is a man who has quietly accomplished
       many firsts. He was born in 1943 into a farming family in
       Kentucky, the fifth of eleven children. He describes his mother as
       the glue in the family and his father as the hero. He showed prom-
       ise as a basketball player early in junior high school, and his coach
       urged him to attend Taylor County High School. This meant
       breaking the color line. It took him twenty-eight days to get up the
       nerve to even enter the school building. When he finally got
       through the doors, however, he found he had very little trouble
       with the students or the majority of teachers. He found his team-
       mates exceptionally supportive and still counts some of them
       among his friends. Haskins went on to be one of the two first
       African Americans to attend Western Kentucky University.
       Although he found his classmates and most of his professors to be
       supportive, the town was not, and the fans of the visiting teams
       were viciously abusive. Haskins dreamed of a professional bas-
       ketball career, but he was taken by surprise when he was the first
       round pick of the Chicago Bulls. Haskins's career also took him to
       Phoenix to play with the Suns, and then to Washington to finish
       his nine years as a professional with the Bullets. After retirement,
       Haskins pursued a coaching career. When he became Western
       Kentucky's first African-American head basketball coach, he also
       became Kentucky's first black head coach at a Division I school.
       His coaching career took him to the University of Minnesota to
190        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         become the head coach of its struggling basketball team. Haskins
         took the team to the NCAA championship finals. The Gophers
         were designated the number one seeded team that year after hav-
         ing been left out of the competition of sixty-four schools all
         together during the previous two years. Haskins has much to say
         about collegiate and professional basketball and basketball play-
         ers. He also writes about the importance of family and his dedi-
         cation to his wife and children.

249. Havens, Richie.        They Can't Hide Us Anymore.           Written with
      Steve Davidowitz.       Foreword by James Earl Jones. New York,
      New York: Spike, 1999.              331 pages; photographs; drawings.
      ISBN: 0380977184.
         Abstract:      Richie Havens      grew up in the Bedford-Stuyvesant
         neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York. An artist and poet as well
         as a singer, Havens started his work career as a street portrait artist
         in Greenwich Village. He began visiting various clubs and cafes
         there, reading his poetry and listening to the poetry of others. As
         the poetry scene drifted into the folk scene, Havens taught himself
         guitar, using his own unique system, which he describes in the
         book, and began singing. Folk music attracted a large audience,
         and Havens was "discovered" and signed to a recording contract.
         He remembers significant events in his career, such as being the
         opening act at the original Woodstock Festival, performing in
         Israel live for both Israeli and Egyptian television at the invitation
         of both countries, meeting Paul McCartney and John Lennon, and
         singing one of Bob Dylan's songs (thinking it was written by
         someone else) with Dylan in the audience. Havens talks about the
         difficulties of fame, the ins and outs of the recording business, and
         the dark side of the entertainment industry. An unfailingly posi-
         tive person who is passionately involved with music and art,
         Havens also found time to participate in the founding of two
         important environmental organizations aimed at teaching young
         people about their world: the Natural Guard, centered in New
         Haven,      Connecticut,   and    the North   Wind   Undersea   Institute,
         located in the Bronx in New York City.

250. Hawaii Nikkei History Editorial Board. Japanese Eyes, American
      Heart: Personal Reflections of Hawaii's World War II Nisei Soldiers.
      Honolulu, Hawai'i: Tendai Educational Foundation, 1998.                  448
      pages; photographs. ISBN: 0824821629 : 0824821440.
         Abstract: This book was inspired by the success of a similar book
         commissioned by Bishop Reverend Ryokan Ara and published in
                            The Bibliography                                  191


        Japanese by the Japanese publisher Heibonsha. The translated
        title of the book is Hawaii's Japanese American Soldiers: For What Did
        We Fight? The purpose of the Japanese-language book was to help
        the Japanese people have a better understanding of the United
        States and its people, especially U.S. citizens of Japanese ancestry.
        The present work consists of sixty-two essays in thirteen sections
        by fifty-two second-generation Japanese Americans who served in
        the U.S. military during World War II. Each essay is accompanied
        by one current and one war-time photograph of the author. The
        essays provide insight into what Hawai'i's Japanese American vet-
        erans felt about their war-time experiences and the fight for equal-
        ity that they faced upon their return home. The subjects also pro-
        vide a few details about their families and childhoods. The first
        chapters in this book describe each of the four divisions in the U.S.
        military to which the Japanese-American soldiers were assigned.
        It concludes with a list of the members of those divisions, both
        Japanese American and otherwise, who died during the conflict.
        The thirteen sections are as follows:
               "Hawaii's Nisei Soldiers: Who Were They?" "December 7,
               1941: A Morning that Changed Our Lives Forever," "Boys to
            Men," "Our Place in the Sun," "Oya no ai: The Love of a
            Parent," "An Ocean Away," "From the Front Lines," "We Are
            Our    Brothers’ Keeper," "Coming   to Terms,"    "Taking
            Ownership,"          "Building Bridges,"    "Let There Be Peace   on
            Earth,” "Epilogue."

251. Hawkins, Tiny. Strong Family Ties: The Tiny Hawkins Story. As
     told to Debra L. Winegarten and Ruthe Winegarten. Austin,
    Texas: SocialSights Press, 1998. 98 pages; photographs. ISBN:
    0961034092.
       Abstract: Tiny Hawkins grew up ina rural Texas community. Her
       grandmother was born a slave and lived to be 104. Her father was
       a minister. When he died, he gave Tiny, the ninth of twelve chil-
       dren, the responsibility of keeping the family together; a charge
       she took to heart. Tiny writes, "over the period of some 40-odd
       years since his death, I have tried to keep them together—the.
       aunts     and   uncles,     the brothers   and   sisters and   nieces and
       nephews, the kids and the grandkids. I've tried to keep a strong
       family relationship" (p. 15). Tiny did not like picking cotton on the
       family farm, and this hardened her resolve to attend school and
       work in some other occupation. She went to beauty school and
       eventually opened her own beauty shop in her kitchen. While
       working as a beautician and cleaning houses, she attended college
192       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



       night classes for fifteen years before earning her B.A. degree. As
       her own children began school, Tiny worked as a substitute
       teacher. She also worked part time as the activity director at a
       nursing home, where her hard work led to a series of promotions.
       She finally bought the nursing home, and became the first African
       American to own and operate a nursing home in Texas. Tiny con-
       tinued her schooling and received a Doctorate of Business
       Administration from Pacific Western University in Los Angeles in
       1988. She then attended the Southern Baptist Bible Institute from
       1992 to 1995. She has received many honors throughout her life,
       including the Negro Achievement Award from the National Negro
       Magazine in 1952 and the "Mother of the Year" award from her chil-
       dren's high school in 1963. She helped found, and was the third
       president of, the Oak Cliff Branch      of the National   Council    of
       Negro Women, receiving that organization's "Salute to Black
       Women Who Make It Happen" award in 1985. Tiny Hawkins
       never accepted discriminatory treatment, never took "no" for an
       answer if she judged it out of order, and accomplished whatever
       she set out to do. The book also includes contributions from Tiny's
       siblings, children, pastors, and associates.


252. Hayes, Diana L. Trouble Don't Last Always: Soul Prayers. A
     Liturgical Press Book. Collegeville, Minnesota: The Liturgical
     Press, 1995. 72 pages. ISBN: 0814622976.
       Abstract: Diana L. Hayes was Assistant Professor of Theology at
       Georgetown University at the time she published this book.
       Hayes practiced law in Albany, New York for a number of years.
       Her life changed dramatically when she converted to Roman
       Catholicism. She completed the pontifical program in theology as
        well as a Ph.D. in religious studies at the Catholic University of
        America and a Doctor of Sacred Theology degree from the
        Catholic University of Louvain, Belgium. As she neared the com-
        pletion of her studies, Hayes was stricken with chondromallatia,
        or rheumatoid arthritis. Her book delineates her struggle with
        pain and illness and her sudden transformation from an athletic
        and physically active person to a bedridden invalid. She feels that
        her battle with chronic illness has helped her to identify more
        closely with all oppressed people, especially those oppressed by
        poverty, racism, and sexism.   In her introduction, Hayes writes,

                 I believe I have learned, because of my own
                struggles, how to see, hear, and feel the struggles
                of others voiced and unvoiced. ... I firmly
                believe that I have been sent to be of service to
                            The Bibliography                               193


                    those, who unlike myself, have not yet found
                    their voices and been awakened to the graced
                    but burdensome knowledge that, as children of a
                    loving God, they are sent not to suffer, but to live
                    a life free from oppression.                  (p. 6)
        Hayes presents a collection of short inspirational meditations that
        focus on her struggle and the faith that helps her to continue her
        work and activities.

253. Hayre, Ruth Wright (1910- ). Tell Them We Are Rising: A Memoir
     of Faith in Education. Written with Alexis Moore. Foreword by
     Ed Bradley. New York, New York: John Wiley & Sons. 206
     pages; photographs; index. ISBN: 0471126799 : 0471327220.
        Abstract:     Ruth Wright Hayre, a retired educator, is the grand-
       daughter of Richard Robert Wright. He was born into slavery,
       freed as a young boy, and went to school in a so-called freedom
       school in an abandoned boxcar. When a patron of the school,
       General Oliver Otis Howard, a Union army officer for whom
       Howard University was named, visited the school, he asked the
       students "Now, what message shall I take back North?" (p. 9).
       Wright responded, "Sir, tell them we are rising" (p. 9). The gener-
       al took the message North where the poet John Greenleaf Whittier
       included it in his poem "General O. O. Howard at Atlanta." Hayre
       received her Ph.D. from the University of Philadelphia. She was
       an educator her entire working career, becoming the first black
       senior high school principal in Philadelphia in 1956. After her
       retirement and the death of her husband from Alzheimer's dis-
       ease, she conceived the idea of the "Tell Them We Are Rising
       Program,” a plan to follow two classes of sixth grade graduates
       through middle school and high school and then pay their tuition
       for up to four years of college education. The program was
       launched in 1988, when Hayre was seventy-seven. The two class-
       es of black children, from two Philadelphia inner-city elementary
       schools, numbered 116 students. In the following six years, Hayre
       and a group of over 100 mentors followed the students, befriend-
       ing and counseling them, always encouraging them to graduate
       from high school and go on to college. Hayre talks about the pro-
       gram, its activities, the numerous difficulties faced by the children,
       known collectively as Risers, in terms of their economic back-
       ground, parental circumstances, peer pressure, and motivation.
       She also tells the stories of several of the individual students, both
       the successes and failures. One major problem was unplanned
       pregnancy. Twenty-two of 56 girls had babies between seventh
194        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        and twelfth grades. Thirty-nine of the original 116 finished high
        school in 1994, with another 20 or so due to graduate the next year.
        In summary, Hayre finds it difficult to explain why some students
        were able to succeed and others were not, but states emphatically
        that the effort was worth it to her and to all other parties involved.

254. Heard, William H. (1850-1937). From Slavery to the Bishopric in
      the A.M.E. Church: An Autobiography.            Chapel Hill, North
      Carolina: Academic       Affairs Library, University         of North
      Carolina at Chapel Hill, 2000.
        http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu/neh/heard /heard.sgml
        http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu /neh/heard /heard.html
         Notes: Documenting the American South (Project).
         Includes the poem: "The Life of William H. Heard" by Ephraim D.
         Taylor.

200. Heath,   Gordon.      Deep Are the Roots: Memoirs            of a Black
      Expatriate. Introduction by Doris Abramson.         Amherst, Massa-
      chusetts: University of Massachusetts Press, 1992.          200 pages;
      illustrations; photographs; maps. ISBN: 0870237780.
         Abstract: Multitalented Gordon Heath was born in New York in
         1918. His father was from Barbados and his mother was "a sec-
         ond-generation American with African and Indian bloodlines" (p.
         10). Heath's mother was devoted to him, an only child. His father
         had many faults as a husband and was very strict, but he provid-
         ed a stable and secure home life. Both gay and African American,
         Heath describes instances of discrimination and violence during a
         mostly peaceful youth. He grew up with a sense of self-esteem
         and self-assurance. His acquaintance with Owen Dodson inspired
         Heath to go into theater. Dodson became a celebrated director and
         playwright as well as a mentor and life-long friend to Heath.
         Heath describes how he was encouraged by his high school librar-
         ian to read the great works of theater, his employment with the
         National Youth Administration during the Great Depression, and
         his work with several small college and off-Broadway theater
         groups. In 1945 he appeared in Deep Are the Roots, by James Gow
         and Arnold D'Usseau and directed by Elia Kazan. This play, about
         an African-American soldier returning to the South after serving
         in World War II, featured both black and white actors and actress-
         es. It opened in the United States and played successfully on
         Broadway. Heath's career as an actor was set when he stayed with
         the play upon its move to London. Heath briefly returned to the
                           The Bibliography                               195


        United States following his success in England, but shortly there-
        after moved to Paris, where he lived the rest of his life. In Paris,
        Heath opened a small club with his life partner and fellow actor
        and singer, Lee Payant. He continued to act in Paris and London.
        Once he played Othello for BBC National Television. He occa-
        sionally returned to act in the United States as well. Heath talks
        about his friends and mentors. He discusses the theater in the
        United States and abroad. Heath died in 1991. In his final para-
        graph, "Doxology," he writes, "I'm sorry I have no public image for
        this generation to rub this memoir up against—like sandpaper
        used for wrapping. I am not so deep as a well and I haven't flown
        so high. What I was and what I did that I cannot recollect will be
        interred with my bones. ... I have loved life: it's been—interest-
        ing" (p. 169).
256. Henri, Alex W.       Ain't No Mountain      Too High.    Philadelphia,
     Pennsylvania:       Xlibris.   310 pages.      ISBN:    0738833312         :
    0738833320.

257. Henry, Aaron. Aaron Henry: The Fire Ever Burning. Written
     with Constance Curry.        Introduction by John Dittmer.
     Margaret Walker Alexander Series in African American
     Studies. Jackson, Mississippi: University of Mississippi Press,
    2000. 263 pages; photographs. ISBN: 1578062128.
        Abstract: Aaron Henry grew up in Clarksdale, Mississippi on the
        Flowers brothers’ plantation. He was orphaned at the age of five
        and taken in by his maternal uncle and aunt, whom he considered
        to be his mother and father. He describes the life of sharecroppers,
        his utter distaste for picking cotton, and the futility of sharecrop-
        pers improving their conditions. Henry writes, "The owners were
        dealing with people whom they felt were subhuman, and they felt
        no moral obligation for fairness in the treatment of their tenants”
        (p. 9). Henry's family finally left the plantation and moved into
       town. In 1941, following his graduation from high school, Henry
       became night manager and bell boy at a local white-run motel.
       This is where he first began to make friends and enemies among
       white people. Henry returned to school and earned a degree and
       became a licensed pharmacist. He entered partnership with a
       white drugstore owner and simultaneously became active in the
       NAACP. He protested murders and unjust arrests by the police
       and began to pursue voters’ rights. Henry was active in the
       Regional Council of Negro Leadership (RCNL) which was formed
       to press for African-American economic development. They later
196        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


         formed a committee to campaign for the "equal" clause in the "sep-
         arate but equal" law which had grown out of the 1896 Plessy v.
         Ferguson U.S. Supreme Court decision. RCNL also worked on
         issues related to voter registration. Following the 1954 Brown v.
         Board of Education decision, Henry took part in the growing move-
         ment to dismantle the institution of segregation. He worked with
         the Congress of Racial Equality, Student Nonviolent Coordinating
         Committee, NAACP, and Southern Christian Leadership
         Conference. He was instrumental in establishing the Council of
         Federated Organizations. Henry was arrested a number of times
         under false pretences, suffered through the murder of and attacks
         on many of his coactivists, and had his home fire-bombed. He
         concludes his story with his account of the formation of the
         Mississippi Freedom Democratic Party and its attempt to repre-
         sent Mississippi on the floor of the 1964 Democratic convention.
         Constance Curry, who assisted Henry in writing his autobiogra-
         phy, includes anecdotes about him provided by fellow civil rights
         workers, colleagues, and family members.

258. Henry, George (b. 1819).       Life of George Henry Together with a
      Brief History of the Colored People in America. Chapel Hill, North
      Carolina:   Academic    Affairs   Library, University      of North
      Carolina at Chapel Hill, 2000.
         http: / /docsouth.unc.edu /neh/henryg/henryg.sgml
         http://docsouth.unc.edu/neh/henryg/henryg.html
         Notes: Documenting the American South (Project).

259. Henry, Nathaniel J. Never Anything Too Easy: N.A.T.E.: An
     Autobiography. Chicago, Illinois: NNSJA Publishing, 2000. 110
      pages; photographs. ISBN: 0967058457.
         Abstract: Henry was born in 1970. His mother died when he was
         five years old, leaving his father distraught. He sent the children
         to live temporarily with their maternal grandparents and eventu-
         ally lost custody of them altogether. The children were split up,
         and Henry was sent to Chicago's Department of Children and
         Family Services (DCFS) to become a ward of the court. Henry
         lived in group homes until he was twelve, when his father was
         able to regain custody.   In less than a year, however, Henry was
         returned to DCFS after being sexually abused by an uncle. He
         describes a program that did not encourage or nurture children,
         instead keeping them depressed and isolated. Henry was allowed
         to attend Kenwood Academy High School for two years. During
                         The Bibliography                                197


        that time he tried to hold down a job, maintain a good grade point
        average, and run track. Despite the fact that he was managing
        well enough, he was removed from the school by DCFS and sent
        to Lawrence Hall, a reform school. There, completely despondent,
        Henry heard his first words of encouragement from a DCFS staff
        member. This was enough to motivate him to pursue his interests
        and goals, and he was soon allowed to take part in the
        Independent Living Program. After graduating, Henry was final-
        ly on his own.   In the next phase of his life, he married a fifteen-
       year-old girl, and the couple had five children over the next eight
       years. While raising a family, Henry and his wife both graduated
       from junior college and transferred to universities. Henry attend-
       ed Northeastern Illinois University, where he majored in psychol-
       ogy and communications and played basketball. He admits to
       making mistakes as a father and husband, but he was devoted to
       his family and was taken off guard when his wife suddenly left
       him, taking all five children. It was months before Henry was able
       to visit or spend any time with his children. He got a job in child
       care at the Lydia Children's Home, where he was gratified to par-
       ticipate in a program in which children were able to have positive,
       nurturing experiences. His goal is to earn a master's degree in
       speech as well as in social work. He works as a motivational
       speaker and has established the publishing company, NNSJA.

260. Henson, Father Josiah (1789-1883).         The Life of Josiah Henson,
    Formerly a Slave, Now an Inhabitant of Canada. Chapel Hill,
    North Carolina: Academic Affairs Library, University of North
    Carolina at Chapel Hill, 2000.
       http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu/neh/henson58 /henson58.sgm1
       http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu/neh/henson58 /henson58.html
       Notes: Documenting the American South (Project).

261. Henson, Matthew Alexander (1866-1955).            A Negro Explorer at
    the North Pole. Introduction by Robert Cummings. Original
    foreword by Robert E. Peary. Original introduction by Booker
    T. Washington. Heritage Series, 6. Grand Rapids, Michigan:
    Candace Press, 1996.       147 pages; illustrations; photographs.
    ISBN: 1889073091.
       Notes: Originally published New York: Frederick A. Stokes, 1912;
       Lincoln, Nebraska: University of Nebraska        Press, 1989.   ISBN:
       0803272456.
198        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



262. Hernandez, Roberto. Why We Are Still Here. Miami, Florida:
     Editorial Interamericana Publishing, Inc., 1997. 88 pages; map.
     ISBN: 0964150662.
        Abstract: The Hernandez family arrived in the United States from
        Cuba as political refugees in 1967. Because the Cuban government
        confiscates all property and belongings when anyone leaves the
        country, the family arrived penniless. They were sponsored by the
        Broadway Methodist Church in Salem, New Jersey, and church
        members helped them get settled, find jobs and an apartment, and
        establish credit. From Salem, the family moved to Vineland, New
        Jersey. Roberto Hernandez was a worker in a glass factory, a
        teacher and guidance counselor, and finally an ordained
        Presbyterian Minister.     Mary Hernandez, his wife, has worked as
        a teacher and a vice principal in the public schools. Hernandez
        points out that even though Cuban immigrants arrive with noth-
        ing, the Cuban community is among the most prosperous in the
        United States. He contrasts the upward progress of the Cuban
        Americans with stories of what Cuba was like before and after
        Castro. He also discusses his youth in Cuba. In 1959, Hernandez
        had been an ardent Castro supporter. He traveled to the United
        States to speak at different youth camps about the revolution. By
        the time he returned to Cuba everything had begun to change, and
        it was becoming clear that Castro would put together a
        Communist government. Hernandez discusses the reasons why
        the United States may have chosen not to invade Cuba to over-
        throw the Communist government and his feelings about that lost
        possibility.

263. Herrera, Juan Felipe.          Mayan Drifter: Chicano Poet in the
     Lowlands of America.          Philadelphia, Pennsylvania: Temple
      University Press, 1997. 272 pages; photographs; glossary.
      ISBN: 1566394813 : 1566394821.
         Notes:      This work includes the play Jaguar Hotel and the long
         poem "Anahuak Vortex (Mexico City 1995)."
         Abstract:     Poet Juan Felipe Herrera felt driven to investigate his
         history in 1986 after the death of his mother from pneumonia.
         Having visited the land of his ancestors, the Lacand6én Mayan vil-
         lage of Naha in Chiapas, Mexico, in 1970, he chose to revisit the
         area in 1992 to gain a deeper understanding of the people, the cul-
         ture, the changes they had faced in the intervening twenty-three
         years, and the future they were likely to confront. Herrera intend-
         ed to take notes and pictures and record stories, legends, and the
                          The Bibliography                                 199



        language, but he abandoned these plans after reaching the village,
        realizing the perhaps well-intentioned motivation of foreign
        anthropologists and ethnographers have lead to the despoliation
        of the Mayan environment and their way of life. Herrera, clearly
        an outsider, leaves offerings from Western civilization and takes
        away with him more questions and fewer answers than he might
        have hoped for when he set out.

264. Hilden, Patricia Penn.      When Nickels Were Indians: An Urban
    Mixed-Blood      Story.    Illustrated    by Anne-Marie       Hamilton.
     Smithsonian Series of Studies in Native American Literatures.
     Washington, D.C.: Smithsonian Institution Press, 1995. 259
     pages; photographs; drawings. ISBN: 1560986018.
        Abstract: Patricia Hilden provides an interpretation of Indian his-
        tory as presented by anthropologists, historians, and popular cul-
        ture. She combines scholarly analysis with personal reaction and
        her own experiences as a fair-skinned, blue-eyed, mixed-blood
        Indian.   Descended from the Nez Perce tribe, Wallowa Band, and
        possibly from the Osage tribe as well, Hilden's closest connection
        to Native American culture was her paternal grandfather.
        Hilden's mother, of European descent, was careful to instill in her
       children an awareness and appreciation of their Nez Perce back-
       ground, more so than their father. Hilden became active in Indian
       issues while attending college. She spent close to eighteen years
       working with the War on Poverty and the Equal Opportunity
       Program. She also taught in the public school system, at the
       University of California at Davis, and in Davis's Upward Bound
       Program. Hilden discusses her own internal conflict and discom-
       fort with claiming her Indian background and fits this into a dis-
       cussion of "identity police," blood quantum debates, "wannabes,"
       fakes, and true and faux Indian spirituality. She ends her book
       with a long letter to a friend who, like Hilden, is a mixed-blood
       Indian, but unlike     Hilden,   "looks"   Indian.   She compares   his
       advantages of visually fitting into the Indian community, with
       hers of being able to be in both the white and the Indian world, but
       in neither comfortably or fully. Hilden also discusses issues of
       gender within the context of race and ethnicity and traditional
       Native cultures.
200        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



265. Hill, Anderson C. In Search of the Truth: A Real Life Story about
     What an Attorney Should "NOT” Do! Orlando, Florida: Prime
     Time Publishers, 1997. 310 pages; photographs; facsimiles.
      ISBN: 0965862879.
        Abstract: Anderson C. Hill was a lawyer involved in illegal activ-
        ities.   He was a chronic user of cocaine and alcohol, and he was
        addicted to money, expensive cars, and an expensive lifestyle. Hill
        had humble beginnings in Little Rock, Arkansas. Interested only
        in sports and partying, he did not intend to go to college. His
         mother and older sister, however, forced him to. He first enrolled
         at Langston University, then the University of Oklahoma, and sub-
         sequently Clark College in Atlanta. He majored in accounting and
         eventually began working at Bethune-Cook College. Earning a
         law degree, he worked his way to the top administrative levels at
         the college. By this time, Hill had, in addition to his work at the
         college, a number of financial ventures and a private law practice.
         When a major investment began to fail, he realized that he was in
         financial trouble. Trying to recoup his losses, he became involved
         with a dishonest developer, and, although he did not realize the
         extent of the developer's dealings, he voluntarily participated in
         unethical behavior, such as kickbacks, fraudulent loans, and con-
         flicts of interest. He involved not only himself but forged signa-
         tures which assigned financial responsibility to the college for
         some of the loans. Facing bankruptcy and finally removed from
         his position at the college, Hill began backing out of his question-
         able business relationships. Nonetheless, he was guilty of a vari-
         ety of serious crimes and began cooperating with the FBI in their
         investigation of his former business partner, the developer. In
         exchange, he received some immunity and reduced charges. At
         the end of it all, Hill was convicted of a felony and sentenced to
         ten months in federal prison. He describes his time in prison and
         his determination to reform. His family stood by him through
         everything, and, as he writes this book, he is attempting to be
         readmitted to the Florida bar.

266. Hill, Grant. Change the Game: One Athlete’s Thoughts on Sports,
      Dreams, and Growing Up. New York, New York: Warner Books,
      1996. 134 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0446520411 : 0446672629.
         Abstract: In this book, 1994-1995 NBA Rookie of the Year Grant
         Hill writes about his upbringing and how he views his life after
         his first year as a professional basketball player with the Detroit
         Pistons. Hill was born into an upper-class black family, the only
         child of Janet and Calvin Hill. His mother was a Wellesley College
                           The Bibliography                                  201


        graduate from a well-to-do family and his father was a profes-
        sional football player. Grant writes about his mother's strictness,
        about how he felt as a child having a famous father, and about his
        youth and adolescence. Colleges began recruiting him when he
        was still a high school freshman, and he eventually decided to go
        to Duke University, where he excelled as a student and athlete.
        After graduation he was drafted by the Detroit Pistons. Although
        he was chosen as co-Rookie of the Year and as a member of the All
        Star team, Hill's team had a disastrous season, and the book ends
        as he looks forward to a better record in 1995-1996. Hill writes
        about the necessity of having attainable goals as well as dreams.
        He is honest about the slim chances of making it as a professional
        athlete. He encourages young people to always have a back-up
        plan. He also discusses how sex and substance abuse can put a
        quick end to any sort of dream. He talks about what it feels like to
        be well known and about how he wants to use his celebrity to
        have a positive influence on society.
                   Potentially I can be a leader, and I would like to
                   be someone that kids can look to as a man of
                   principle and example: a public figure. I look at
                   it like, "Who wouldn't want that?” Not everyone
                   gets this opportunity. There is responsibility,
                   and pressure, but there's also a power to change
                   or improve people's lives. I want that burden.
                                                            (p. 109)

267. Hill, Oliver W. (1907- ). The Big Bang: Brown vs. Board of
     Education and Beyond: The Autobiography of Oliver W. Hill, Sr.
    Edited by Jonathan K. Stubbs.          Winter Park, Florida: Four-G
    Publishers, 2000. 376 pages; photographs. ISBN: 1885066791 :
    1885066627.
       Abstract:    Civil rights lawyer and Presidential Medal of Freedom
       recipient Oliver    Hill, Sr. describes   the social, recreational,   and
       institutional aspects of growing up in Richmond, Virginia, at the
       beginning of the twentieth century. Hill writes that segregation
       was stringent and that he had few contacts with white people as a
       child: "I was fortunate in that respect. At an early point in my
       development I concluded that for white people to get a job at any-
       thing that brought them into contact with the public, a major pre-
       requisite was to have a nasty attitude towards Negroes" (p. 1).
       Hill began working when he was nine years old. As an adult, he
       worked as a waiter. His parents and most of the adults he knew
       had jobs in service, and they all encouraged him to pursue his
202        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        education so he could go into another line of work. Hill attended
        Howard University and then entered its law school, which at the
        time was a part-time evening program. By the time he graduated
        in 1933, however, it had developed into a full-time day program
        and received full accreditation.         Howard's mission to train
        African-American lawyers to "properly prepare cases and develop
        adequate records for achieving success in the Supreme Court" (p.
        76) matched Hill's goals perfectly. He passed the Virginia bar
        exam in 1934 and started his law practice in Richmond. Hill was
        well versed in the legal treatment of African Americans, particu-
        larly the difficulty in obtaining fair trials and the arbitrary behav-
        ior to which law-enforcement officials subjected them.             His
        detailed knowledge of both the constitutions of Virginia and the
        United States served him well in challenging illegal and unfair
        courtroom procedure. Hill started out by representing defendants
        in rape trials, later taking on an African-American teacher salary
        equity case, issues of school equality, and the segregated public
        transportation system. Hill was on the legal team that took Brown
        v. Board of Education to the Supreme Court. He describes his legal
        work, including his contributions in challenging the constitution-
        ality of the "separate but equal" doctrine and the even more diffi-
        cult task of enforcing the Supreme Court decision in Brown. Hill
        worked in voter registration and equal employment opportunity
        issues. He was an active politician at the local level and ran for the
        House of Delegates as well as city council. He provides his views
         of the presidents he has observed and worked under, describing
         their varying contributions to matters of civil rights. Hill sees
         human relationships and the advancement of African Americans
         as an evolutionary process. His advice to those who fight to pre-
         serve racial segregation or gender inequity is to see that change is
         coming and inevitable: "It doesn't make any difference what you
         do, creation is still evolving. Therefore, we have to constantly look
         at all institutions that affect the human being and try to see how
         we can improve conditions for the commonweal" (p. 340).


268. Him, Chanrithy. When Broken Glass Floats: Growing Up under the
      Khmer Rouge:    A Memoir.    New York, New York: W. W. Norton &
      Company, 2000.         330    pages;   photographs;      map.    ISBN:
      0393048632.
         Abstract:    At the time the Khmer Rouge gained control of
         Cambodia, Chanrithy Him's family numbered eleven. By the time
         the Khmer Rouge lost power to the invading Vietnamese, there
         were only five. Him’s once-prosperous family avoided the early
         years of civil conflict by escaping to Phnom Penh, but when the
                         The Bibliography                                203


        Khmer Rouge seized the city, all citizens were forced to evacuate.
        The family returned to their father's native village, but soon the
        father and his brothers were taken away and killed. The rest of
        Him's family survived due to timely advice given to their mother.
        Throughout the years of Khmer Rouge rule, the family was scat-
        tered among a number of work camps. Despite the chaos, they
        managed to keep track of each other, and the children would peri-
        odically make it back to their mother and youngest brother. For
        the most part, the family existed in a state of starvation and over
        work. There was no medicine for the many bouts of malaria,
        infection and dysentery to which three siblings and their mother
        eventually succumbed.     Informers in camps kept careful watch of
        all activities, but there were also kind persons who provided food,
        water, and medicine or who permitted leave from one work camp
        to visit a sick sibling or mother in another. Kindness was offered
        with the knowledge that if discovered it would lead to punish-
        ment and perhaps death. The surviving members of the family
        were liberated when the Vietnamese advanced far enough into the
        country to free the work camps. Him describes their travels to and
        time in a series of refugee camps, the discovery of an uncle living
        in Portland, Oregon, and the endless paperwork preparing for
        their departure for the United States. She ends her story as the five
        surviving family members and an older sister's husband and
        adopted daughter leave the Philippines for the United States.

269. Himes, Chester B. (b. 1909). The Quality of Hurt: The Autobiog-
     raphy of Chester Himes. New York, New York: Thunder's Mouth
     Press, 1998. 351 pages. ISBN: 1560250933.
        Notes: Originally published Garden City, New York: Doubleday,
        1972 in two volumes: The Quality of Hurt and My Life of Absurdity.

270. Hinojosa, Maria. Raising Raul: Adventures Raising Myself and
     My Son. New York, New York: Viking, 1999. 240 pages. ISBN:
     0670884456.
        Notes: Also published in paperback New York: Penguin, 2000.
        ISBN: 0140296360.
       Abstract: Maria Hinojosa, an urban affairs associate for CNN,
       tells the story of her marriage and her difficulties conceiving a
       child. Using a mixture of English and Spanish, she discusses two
       miscarriages, her eventual successful pregnancy, her son's birth,
       and the decisions about working and motherhood that she faced.
       As a part of her story, she describes the elements of the different
204          Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



          cultures from which she sought answers.         Hinojosa also writes
          about her mother, a traditional Mexican wife, who emigrated with
          her doctor husband to the United States. Hinojosa grew up as a
          Mexican child in Chicago, though the family made frequent visits
          to Mexico. She and her family always felt more at home in
          Mexico, but also sensed the way their ideas of raising children,
          keeping house, growing up, working, etc., were creating a dis-
          tance between themselves and their relatives. Conflicts about the
          notion of what a Mexican wife and mother should be have fol-
          lowed Hinojosa throughout adulthood and have affected all of her
          decisions. Her husband, German, is an "Afro-Taino" from the
          Dominican Republic. The two lived in New York City and faced
          the decision of whether to stay in their ethnically diverse neigh-
          borhood or move somewhere safer. Extended trips to her hus-
          band's homeland also added to Hinajosa's questions about life and
          child-rearing. The greatest challenge Hinojosa eventually faced
          was that her job as a television correspondent kept her away from
          home, sometimes for days at a time. She found that her son, Raul
          Ariel, was becoming closer to his father than to her. Hinajosa's
           vision of being the perfect Mexican mother has continually con-
           flicted with her desire to succeed in her chosen profession.

271.    Holdsclaw,    Chamique.       Chamique     on    Family,   Focus,   and
       Basketball.   Written with Jennifer Frey. New York, New York:
       Scribner, 2000. 189 pages; photographs.          ISBN: 0743202201.
           Notes: Published in paperback New York: Simon & Schuster,
           2001. ISBN: 0743212703.
           Abstract: Chamique Holdsclaw, a member of the Washington
           Mystics basketball team, writes about her life. Because both of her
           parents had serious problems, including excessive drinking,
           Holdsclaw took responsibility for raising her younger brother.
           After her father started a fire in their New York apartment and her
           mother came home drunk, she and her brother were placed in the
           custody of her grandmother. Although her brother eventually
           returned to their mother, her grandmother refused to relinquish
           custody of Holdsclaw, and enrolled her in a private grammar
           school to assure that she got the discipline and structure her life
           required. In the Astoria housing project, Holdsclaw played bas-
           ketball on the public courts with the boys, always doing at least as
           well and usually better than they did. Her school basketball coach
           contacted the coach at Christ the King High School, which had a
           championship basketball team. The coach came to watch her play
           and recognized her talent immediately. Christ the King empha-
                         The Bibliography                                 205


        sized academics as well as sports, and Holdsclaw thrived there,
        taking her team to national championships. Actively recruited by
        over   150 colleges and universities, she chose the University of
        Tennessee at Knoxville and led the team to three consecutive
        NCAA championships. After graduation from college, she was
        drafted by the Washington Mystics, a team in the Women's
        National Basketball League. During her first year, the team was
        not successful, and at the end of the book Holdsclaw is anticipat-
        ing her second year, and participation in the 2000 Olympic Games
        in Sydney. She discusses what being famous means in terms of
        her personal life, her relationships with friends, family, and coach-
        es who have supported her, and the amount of hard work and
        determination required to have achieved what she has.

272. Holland, Endesha Ida Mae (1944- ). From the Mississippi Delta:
    A Memoir.     New York, New York: Simon & Schuster, 1997.             318
    pages; photographs. ISBN: 0684810115.
        Notes: Also published Chicago: Lawrence Hill Books, 1999. ISBN:
        1556523416.

       Abstract: Endesha Ida Mae Holland, a professor at the University
       of Southern California's School of Theatre as well as the Program
       of the Study of Women and Men in Society, writes about her
       upbringing in the 1950s and 1960s in the town of Greenwood,
       Mississippi. Holland describes life in the Delta town and tells her
       own story: She was raped by a white man at the age of eleven, was
       a chronic truant from school, and became a part-time prostitute, a
       circus performer, and a striptease dancer. Her life changed when
       she participated in the Civil Rights Movement of the 1960s, help-
       ing to enroll black voters in her town. Activists from the North
       were impressed with her abilities, and she became determined to
       continue her education. She writes about the initial affects of the
       Civil Rights Movement, in particular the Freedom Riders and the
       Student   Nonviolent   Coordinating    Committee    (SNCC),   on   the
       black populace of the Deep South. Because some blacks felt that a
       segregated society was the only way they would be left in peace
       by whites, they were initially opposed to change. They knew that
       any attempt at adjusting the balance between the races would only
       draw white wrath, which was much more concrete to blacks than
       the seemingly absurd notion of equal rights and voting privileges.
       They also believed that the Freedom Riders from the North would
       not stay to protect them if white retribution began in earnest. A
       shift in attitude began when local whites stopped distributing sur-
       plus food from the U.S. government to blacks, who were then
206        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


        forced to line up at SNCC headquarters to receive food. In the
        rush to distribute food and register people to vote, Holland was
        hired to work in the SNCC office because she could read and
        write. This was when her own participation in the movement
        began in earnest. Later, as a Ph.D. candidate at the University of
        Minnesota, she took a class in acting and wrote two plays about
        her mother, Second Doctor Lady and The Reconstruction of Dossie Ree
        Hemphill. The latter received the National Lorraine Hansberry
        Award in 1981.

273. Holliday, Laurel. See entry at Children of the Dream.

274. Holly, Ellen. One Life: the Autobiography of an African American
      Actress. New York, New York: Kodansha International, 1996.
      274 pages. ISBN: 1568361580.
        Notes: Published in paperback in 1998. ISBN: 1568361971.
        Abstract: Ellen Holly was raised in a middle-class black family.
        She is descended from one of the first black female physicians in
        the United States. Her mother was a housewife and her father was
        a chemical engineer. As a college student, Holly became interest-
        ed in theater and began her career as an actress in the 1950s. No
        matter how well she was received by reviewers and audiences, she
        never earned the success predicted for her, primarily due to the
        limited number of roles for African Americans in the television
        and film industry.   When the occasional role came along, Holly
        was usually rejected for being too light-skinned. She played in
        New York Shakespeare Festival productions for many years and
        acted in a number of Broadway and Off-Broadway plays. None of
        these, however, had lengthy runs, and she would be out of work
        again in short order. Holly found a niche for herself in daytime
        television; for seventeen years she acted the part of Carla Benari in
        the daytime drama One Life to Live. The original story included
        several ethnic families and quickly drew a large African-American
         following. During her years on the show, however, she discovered
         that ABC knew the dearth of jobs available to African Americans
         and paid its African-American actors at a level far below that of its
         white actors. Holly had hoped that "the soaps" would be a step to
         greater success and recognition, but she was not able to go on to
         better-paying and more visible roles in either television or films.
         In 1985, she was summarily fired from the program and the roles
         for African-Americans and other ethnic groups were completely
         eliminated from the story line. Holly writes further of the dis-
         crimination she uncovered and the ways she tried to fight back.
                          The Bibliography                                 207


       She also describes her personal life, her fight with alcoholism, her
       sadness at never having children, and her lifelong passion for
       Harry Belafonte.

275. Holmes, Larry.     Larry Holmes: Against the Odds.         Written with
    Phil Berger. New York, New York: St. Martin's Press, 1998. 282
    pages; photographs. ISBN: 031218736x.
       Abstract:   Boxer Larry Holmes was born in Georgia in 1950. His
       family moved to Philadelphia when he was six, and his father
       abandoned them shortly after, leaving his mother to raise twelve
       children alone in impoverished conditions. Holmes describes
       himself as an indifferent student. He dropped out of high school
       and was already on his own at sixteen when he moved in with an
       older woman and became the father of two children in a short
       period of time. Holmes was about nineteen when he started to
       take an interest in boxing. He began competing at age twenty, and
       turned professional when he did not make the cut for the 1976
       Olympics. In describing his career, Holmes documents a profes-
       sional world where the boxer is a pawn for the promoter. Millions
       of dollars exchange hands, but only a few lucky boxers get any
       major financial rewards. Holmes worked hard to be taken on by
       the notorious promoter Don King, whom he describes as the "ulti-
       mate user/abuser": "It was on the likelihood of his making me a
       player in this game that I had signed with one of Don's corpora-
       tions, Sportsville, only to discover much later how the contract
       was full of three-year options that tied me to King for damn near
       ever" (p. 45). Holmes goes on to recite a litany of talented boxers
       who missed their chance through bad luck, bad management, seri-
       ous injury, and alcohol or drug abuse. "Boxing had always been a
       business where rascals running things took advantage of the fight-
       ers. Short changed them, sometimes worse—sometimes forced
       them to participate in fixed fights" (p. 178).     Holmes fought his
       way to become the heavyweight champion of the world and hung
       on to his title for over five years. He found it difficult to get out of
       the sport, hanging up his gloves temporarily, but still fighting and
       winning matches into the late 1990s as he neared the age of fifty.
       Holmes was strongly influenced by the poverty of his childhood
       and was always careful to make good use of his earnings. He
       bought a house for his mother with his first big win. Raised with-
       out a father, Holmes has also made it a point to take his family
       duties seriously. Throughout his career, he has remained in his
       hometown of Easton, Pennsylvania. He has contributed to youth
       programs and holds annual fundraising events to support their
       work.
208       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



276. Holsey, Lucius Henry Bp. (1842-1920). Autobiography, Sermons,
     Addresses, and Essays of Bishop L. H. Holsey, D. D. Chapel Hill,
     North Carolina: Academic Affairs Library, University of North
     Carolina at Chapel Hill, 1999.
        http: / /metalab.unc.edu /docsouth/holsey /holsey.sgml
        http: / /metalab.unc.edu /docsouth/holsey /holsey.html
        Notes: Documenting the American South (Project).

277. Hom, Ken.       Easy Family Recipes from a Chinese-American
     Childhood. New York, New York: Knopf, 1997. 319 pages; pho-
     tographs; illustrations. ISBN: 0394587588.
        Abstract: Ken Hom was born in Tucson, Arizona. He and his
        mother moved to Chicago's Chinatown after his father died in
        1950. He describes the important role of food in his childhood and
        in Chinese culture.   His mother was an avid cook, and his uncle
        owned a restaurant to which Hom was apprenticed at the age of
        eleven.   Even Hom's next door neighbor, a professional gambler,
        was "lovingly and deliciously involved with food" (p. 4). He
        writes of his experiences and his memories of Chinese food shops,
        neighborhood gardens, and important family celebrations.
                  I have discovered that my experiences in grow-
                  ing up are quite similar to those of almost every
                  other Chinese-American I know. Social isola-
                  tion tempered by extended-family ties, the
                  tenacity of tradition, the central importance of
                  traditional foods and family gatherings—these
                  are part of the common ground shared by all
                  Chinese in America.                         (p. 13)
        Although Hom was inculcated with his mother's belief that
        Chinese food and cooking and the Chinese attitude toward food
        were superior to any other, he found that he enjoyed his school-
        mates' sandwiches as much as his own home-packed lunch. Hom
        describes the closeness of the Chinese communities, the history
        behind    Chinese-American      immigration,   and the reasons,   both
        imposed and chosen, for the development of Chinatowns. In
        describing the history of the Chinese restaurant in America and its
        adoption by both Chinese Americans and whites, Hom regrets
        that more people do not attempt Chinese cooking at home. He
        presents the methods, tools, ingredients, and recipes that he grew
        up with in hopes of remedying this situation. He accompanies
        each recipe with a related childhood memory. Hom has published
        at least thirteen cookbooks and has been featured in several BBC
                         The Bibliography                               209


       television series. He lives in Berkeley, California and Paris when
       he is not traveling around the world as a chef and restaurant con-
       sultant.

278. Hongo, Garrett Kaoru. Volcano: A Memoir of Hawai'i. New
     York, New York: Knopf, 1995. 339 pages. ISBN: 0394571673 :
     0679767487.
       Abstract: This book by poet Hongo, is a long, slow exploration of
       place, family, and self. Of Japanese ancestry, both Hongo and his
       parents were born in Hawai'i. He was raised speaking Japanese
       and the Pidgin English spoken by non-white Hawai'ians. He was
       five when his family moved to the Los Angeles area in California,
       leaving behind most of their extended family. Once there,
       Hongo's mother insisted that he learn to speak mainland English.
       His father, who had a hearing problem, never mastered standard
       English. Hongo is certain that this, combined with his father's dis-
       comfort in the new environment, relegated him to a position of
       outsider, and he was never well accepted outside of the house-
       hold. The death of Hongo's father so far away from his homeland
       filled Hongo with the desire to return to his birthplace and ulti-
       mately to write this autobiography.         This book documents
       Hongo's first trip back to Hawai'i and Volcano, the village of his
       birth, and his many subsequent trips back with his wife and child.
       In Volcano, he explores both his family history and the natural his-
       tory of Hawai'i. He examines how forced internment during
       World War II defined the consciousness of the Nisei and Sansei.
       Hongo examines his own feeling of being a native of Hawai'i and
       the Japanese community there while at the same time having been
       forever changed by growing up on the mainland. As he begins to
       come to terms with his place in the Japanese Hawai'ian communi-
       ty as a returning native son, Hongo writes:
                I don't have to live in the past, as the past was
                lived . . . 1am not locked in to the opinion of the
                community here, not enclosed and defined by its
                gossip, not subject to all of its mores. Yet, full of
                nostalgia and retrospect, I catch my self wanting
                to be.   I feel a bit ashamed   that I, a man, can
               make sushi the way they made it in Kahuku vil-
               lage a generation ago . . . and I won't be howled
               down for it at Volcano's Saturday Market or
               at the Fourth of July fair. What will be noticed
               and with amusement, by the old-timers I care
               about... is that a man made the sushi, and not
210       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



                 his wife or mother, or his daughters.     Or it will
                 have been made by his haole wife. I see that if
                 the ethnic past is to be transmitted,    it will be
                 through this ungendered and interracial jumble
                 like the dark core of vinegared vegetables and
                 pink shrimp powder at the center of a roll of
                 sweetened rice... . I belong nowhere, I tell
                 myself. And, I belong in Volcano.           (p. 332)

279. hooks, bell. Bone Black: Memories of Girlhood.        New York, New
      York: Henry Holt and Company, 1996.               183 pages.      ISBN:
      080504146x : 0805055126.
        Abstract:     hooks, Distinguished Professor of English at City
        College of New York and a prolific writer, wrote this book about
        her childhood years. It is anecdotal in form and deals with events
        and people who had a great influence on her. Born into a poor
        black family in the South, hooks was raised in a family of six girls
        and one boy. She was the black sheep of the family, someone who
        had her own interpretation of life, one that did not match any of
        the rest of the family. In their tiny house, she was eventually given
        her own room because her sisters could not bear to share a room
        with her. She describes her siblings, parents and grandparents,
        and many of the people around her, especially older people with
        whom she felt an affinity and thought of as "right-hand men of
        God" (p. 86). "There is much to celebrate about being old. I want
        to be old as soon as possible for I see the way the old ones live free.
        They are free to be differentuniquedistinct from one another" (p.
        88). Other than these older people, hooks found herself at odds
        with just about everyone. She read constantly, an activity her fam-
        ily found bewildering. She became involved with Christianity, but
        not the church of her family. She wanted to have her hair ironed
        even though it was straight. She did not want to follow the accept-
        ed path of a woman because she saw the way her father abused
        her mother and how her personality changed when her father was
        not around. The book ends when a Catholic priest gives hooks a
        copy of Rilke's Letters to a Young Poet to read. She finally discovers
        writing: "In my journal I write to belong in this place of words.
        This is my home. This dark, bone black inner cave where I am
        making a world for myself" (p. 183).
                         The Bibliography                                211



280. —. Remembered Rapture: The Writer at Work. New York, New
     York: Henry Holt and Company, 1999. 237 pages. ISBN:
    0805059091 : 0805059105.
       Abstract: Gloria Watkins changed her name to bell hooks to honor
       her mother and grandmother and to establish an identity for her-
       self which "Gloria" did not provide. hooks began writing as a
       child and has never stopped. An avid journal writer, she believes
       that the exercise and discipline of daily entries helped her not only
       to maintain her well being, but to develop an autonomous voice.
       Her early inspiration came from Rilke's Letters to a Young Poet, the
       poetry of Emily Dickinson, and an anthology of African-American
       poetry which she checked out from her school library and kept
       with her as much as possible. She finished her first book Ain’t I a
        Woman: Black Women and Feminism (1991) at the age of nineteen,
       but it was ten years before it was published. The third in a series
       of autobiographical writings, hooks began Remembered Rapture as
       an answer to readers who wanted to know "how the work came to
       be what it is and other less gentle interrogators who found my
       engagement with writing suspect" (p. xi). hooks attempts to
       answer her critics who claim that she writes too much, is too rad-
       ical or is not radical enough, doesn't promote herself or promotes
       herself too much. She talks of the hurdles faced by black women
       writing and of the capitalistic culture of publishing and its accom-
       panying marketing and hype. She writes about autobiography
       and its combination of truth and fiction, its confessional nature, its
       therapeutic effects, and its current marketability. hooks believes
       that African-American writers, coming out of a different set of cul-
       tural values and familial expectations, have more difficulty with
       the confessional and revelatory side of autobiography than those
       coming from privileged, and often white, backgrounds.           She
       explores these differences and her own experiences with them.
       hooks concludes the book with chapters devoted to each of the fol-
       lowing writers:
           Zora Neale Hurston,     Emily Dickinson, Ann      Petry, Lorraine
           Hansberry, Toni Morrison, and Toni Cade Bambara.

281. —. Wounds of Passion: A Writing Life. New York, New York:
     Henry Holt and Company, 1997. 260 pages. ISBN: 080504146x
     : 0805057226.
       Abstract:   Wounds of Passion is the second of three memoirs writ-
       ten by bell hooks. In this volume, hooks writes of her develop-
       ment as a writer from about the age of nineteen, when she began
       work on Ain’t I a Woman: Black Women and Feminism (Boston:
212          Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


         South End Press, 1991) through the completion of her Ph.D. from
         the University of California at Santa Cruz and her appointment as
         assistant professor at Yale University. During this period, hooks
         was in a committed relationship with "Mack," a graduate student
         whom she met at a Gary Snyder poetry reading. This tumultuous
         relationship with the scholar, writer, and poet provided hooks
         with inspiration and discipline to pursue her own career as a
         writer. She was committed to her relationship with Mack, but his
         support and caring was coupled with a detrimental sense of rival-
         ry and often abusive behavior, so that when hooks left for her
         position at Yale, she also left the relationship. hooks traces her
         shift from being a reader and writer of poetry to becoming a writer
         of political essays. She considers the difficulties of being a woman
         who is a serious writer involved in a committed relationship. She
         also touches   on her work    of viewing   feminism   from   a black,
         female perspective.

282. Hopper, Isaac T. (1771-1852).        Narrative of the Life of Thomas
      Cooper. Chapel Hill, North Carolina: Academic Affairs Library,
      University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, 1999.
         http:/ /metalab.unc.edu /docsouth/hopper/hopper.html
         Notes: Documenting the American South (Project).

283. Horn,    Gabriel   (1947-   ).   Contemplations   of a Primal     Mind.
      Foreword by Anne Wilson Shaef. Novato, California: New
      World Library, 1996. 166 pages. ISBN: 1880032554.
         Notes: Also published Gainsville, Florida: University Press of
         Florida, 2000. ISBN: 0813017548.
         Abstract:   Gabriel Horn served as one of the original teachers in
         the American Indian Movement (AIM), and helped establish the
         AIM Survival Schools in the 1970s. He has received recognition
         for his teaching as well as for his work to promote and preserve
         the traditions and beliefs of Native Americans. His book consists
         of six essays. "Civilized and Primal Thought" discusses the dis-
         tinction between what is considered "primitive" and what is "civi-
         lized." He shows how what he calls primitive thought indicates a
         closeness to nature and the powers of nature as well as a person's
         true purpose in life and place in the grand scheme of nature. The
         second chapter, "Original Instructions" considers the behavior
         each living entity in nature was programmed to have. He illus-
         trates the idea with a visit to the Dolphin Research Center in the
         Florida Keys, where he comes into contact with dolphins which he
                          The Bibliography                                213


        feels are still true to their own "original instructions." "Paints Her
        Dreams" talks about spiritual connections to the past and
        describes the Native American custom of Peace Day. "Ancestors
        Among the Stars” considers connections with the Star People and
        life on another planet. Chapter five, "Old Ways," is a mystical
        story about his mother-in-law and a possible explanation of why
        some males in her family are born with six fingers on one hand. In
        the final chapter, "The Cord," Horn talks about how his people and
        family survive despite the efforts of the civilized world to destroy
        them. Throughout the book he talks about his relationship with
        his three children and how he has taught them about their primal
        origins, his two great-uncles who taught him much about culture
        and spirituality, and especially about the love he still has for his
        wife, a member of the Ojibway tribe, whom he lost to cancer.

284. Horne, Esther Burnett (1909- ). Essie’s Story: The Life and Legacy
     of a Shoshone Teacher. Written with Sally McBeth. American
     Indian Lives.      Lincoln,   Nebraska:    University of Nebraska
     Press, 1998. 215 pages; photographs; map. ISBN: 0803223862.
        Notes: Published Lincoln: University Press of Nebraska Bison
        Books edition, 1999. ISBN: 080327324x.
        Abstract:   Esther Burnett Horne is the great-great-granddaughter
        of the famous American Indian, Sacajawea.     Stories of her ancestor
        were passed on to her from her earliest years and are an important
        part of her sense of self. Her mother's family was descended from
        Sacajawea's adopted son and nephew, and her paternal grandfa-
        ther, Fincelious Burnett, the agricultural agent for the Wind River
        Shoshone Reservation, knew her. A good portion of Horne's story
        is devoted to the stories of Sacajawea, as well as a carefully
        researched account of the debate surrounding the year and place
        of Sacajawea's death. Horne's father was born and raised on the
        reservation along with his Shoshone wife-to-be, Mildred Large.
        After they married, they left the reservation to homestead in
        Idaho. Both Horne's mother and father raised the children to feel
        pride in their Indian heritage.   After her father died in 1922, her
        mother was unable to care for her children and make a living, so
        the Burnett family, Horne's paternal grandparents, arranged for
        the four older children to enroll in the Haskell Indian Institute in
        Lawrence, Kansas.   Although terribly homesick, Horne found the
        institute to be a secure and nurturing environment.      The official
        policy was to Americanize the Indian students, but the students
        from many tribes learned about Indian culture from each other.
        Horne trained to become a teacher and taught at the Eufaula
214        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         Boarding School, a Creek girls institute, in Oklahoma.   After mar-
        rying her Haskell high school sweetheart, Hoopa Indian Robert
        Horne, Horne joined her husband and began teaching at the
        Wahpeton Indian School in North Dakota, where they stayed until
        their retirement. During her long teaching career, Horne saw offi-
        cial priority shift during the years 1933-1945 from the goal of
        Americanizing the students to helping them maintain their Indian
        identities. Horne, like her own Indian teachers, always taught her
        students to have pride in their heritage. She learned Indian
        dances, about tribal clothing, and Indian arts to aid her in teaching
         her students about their traditions.   After her retirement, Horne
         continued her work with children by participating in programs
         aimed at at-risk Indian youth.

285. Hosokawa, Bill. Out of the Frying Pan: Reflections of a Japanese
      American.    Niwot,   Colorado:    University Press of Colorado,
      1998. 192 pages. ISBN: 0870815008 : 087081513x.
         Abstract: When journalist Bill Hosokawa went to kindergarten in
         pre-World War II Seattle he spoke no English, because only
         Japanese was spoken in his home. His second-class status as a
         Japanese American was apparent to him in most aspects of his life.
         His parents, born in Japan, were forbidden by U.S. law from
         becoming naturalized citizens and owning property. His mother
         attended naturalization classes nonetheless and ironically, tutored
         immigrants from Europe to help them pass the required tests. His
         father grew tired of, as Hosokawa put it, helping other people buy
         their houses through his rent payments and finally bought a house
         in the name of his youngest son. After high school, Hosokawa
         attended the University of Washington, where he majored in jour-
         nalism. He was advised not to go into this field because, he was
         told, no paper would hire a "Japanese boy," and he was the only
         student who was not assigned an internship. Hosokawa's first
         positions were with an English-language Japanese paper in
         Singapore and then in Shanghai. Following his year in Shanghai,
         Hosokawa joined his wife and child in Portland, a few months
         before the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. Because of his work
         with the Japanese newspapers, Hosokawa was called before a fed-
         eral grand jury. Although the charges brought against him were
         dropped, suspicion followed him and his family into their first
         relocation camp in Puyallup, and they were sent from there to the
         Heart Mountain camp in Wyoming. Hosokawa describes the con-
         ditions and daily life of the camps, the opportunities for self-gov-
         ernance, efforts by the camp inmates to better their conditions,
         forms of protest, and the good and the bad of government man-
                           The Bibliography                              215


        agement.     Hosokawa started a camp newspaper, The Sentinel,
        which provided a way for camp inmates to express their opinions.
        For instance, The Sentinel took on the Denver Post after the notori-
        ously conservative newspaper published a series of anti-Japanese
        articles. After the war, Hosokawa, surprisingly, was offered a
        position with the Des Moines Register. He found the newspaper a
        welcoming place to work and Iowa a good place for his family.
        However, when he was offered a position with the Denver Post,
        which was under a new and more liberal management, his family
        was   anxious    to move   westward,   and so he took the position.
       Hosokawa worked there until his retirement at the age of sixty-
       eight. Hosokawa was also a long-time columnist for the Pacific
       Citizen, a publication of the Japanese American Citizens League,
       and he includes a sampling of his columns from that newspaper.

286. Houston, Cissy.       How Sweet the Sound: My Life with God and
    Gospel. Written with Jonathan Singer. New York, New York:
    Doubleday, 1998. 282 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0385490100:
    0385490101.
       Abstract:     Cissy Houston,    mother of popular singer Whitney
       Houston,     has had and continues      to have a significant musical
       career. Cissy Houston begins her autobiography with a descrip-
       tion of her family's hometown in Early County, Georgia. She
       writes of the hostile conditions for African Americans and the spe-
       cial hate of white people reserved for land-owning African
       Americans.       Her family, the Drinkards, owned    land, but it was
       taken from her grandparents on the grounds of unpaid taxes.
       Houston was born in Newark, New Jersey, where many members
       of the extended Drinkard family relocated. Her mother died of a
       cerebral hemorrhage at the age of thirty-nine, when Houston was
       only eight, and she was raised by her eldest sister, Reebie.      The
       family were all devout Christians. Music was a central part of
       worship services, and the children sang together as the Drinkard
       Singers. The group gave them a reason to stay together, and their
       father kept them on a rigid schedule of chores, school, rehearsals,
       performances, and church. They performed in large venues and
       recorded with RCA-Victor, but their father never allowed them to
       tour or experiment with popular music. Houston married John
       Houston, and he began to manage a singing group made up of her
       nieces and some of their friends. Although the younger genera-
       tion was allowed to work in popular music, Houston's family dis-
       approved of her doing so. After doing one session as a substitute
       singer, however, Houston was suddenly in continuous demand.
       She performed with her nieces and later with her own group, the
216        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         Sweet Inspirations.     They made recordings of their own and
         backed up major singers, including Houston's niece Dionne
         Warwick, Aretha Franklin, the Drifters, and Elvis Presley. Before
         taking a pause in her musical career to spend more time with her
         children, Houston also recorded a solo album. She writes about
         the many singers, composers, and arrangers she has worked with.
         She also describes her family and especially the growth of her
         daughter Whitney's career. Houston had many ups and downs in
         her life, most significantly, the deaths of her parents and her
         divorce from John Houston.     In 1995, she received the Pioneer
         Award from the Rhythm and Blues Foundation and honorary
         degrees from Kean College and Essex County College, both of
         New Jersey. In 1996 she fulfilled her dream of releasing a gospel
         album, Face to Face, for which she won the Grammy Award in the
         Traditional Soul Gospel category. Today Houston continues to
         record and write songs and to find solace and strength from her
         Christian faith.

287. Houston, Jeanne Wakatsuki and James D. Houston.            Farewell to
      Manzanar: A True Story of Japanese American Experience during
      and after the World War II Internment. New York, New York:
      Bantam Books, 1995.      ISBN: 0553272586.
         Notes:    Originally published    Bantam   Books,   1973.   ISBN:
         0553272586.

288. Hubbard, Philip G. (1921- ). My Iowa Journey: The Life and Story
     of the University of Iowa's First African American Professor.
      Singular Lives.       Iowa City, lowa: University of Iowa Press,
      1999. 193 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0877456720.
         Abstract: Hubbard spent most of his childhood and youth in Des
         Moines. Living on the edge of the black neighborhoods, he was
         often the only black child in his classrooms. Hubbard recalls that
         school was a place where race was rarely an issue for him, but out-
         side the school system, there was an established system of unoffi-
         cial segregation. Many restaurants only allowed blacks to use
         take-out service; movie theaters and swimming pools were segre-
         gated. In considering his career options, Hubbard did not want to
         rely on racially biased corporations for employment and he want-
         ed something that would be an intellectual challenge. He settled
         on engineering and entered the University of lowa (UI) with plans
         for a chemical engineering degree. Before he graduated, however,
         he was drafted into World War II and directed by the armed serv-
         ices into electrical engineering. Following the victory in Europe,
                           The Bibliography                               217


        the dean of the engineering school at UI helped Hubbard get a dis-
        charge so that he could return to school to conduct research.
        Hubbard completed a master's degree in 1949, and his Ph.D. in
        1954. During this time he married and started a family, which
        would include five children. Although Hubbard had a number of
        other employment prospects, he chose to remain at the University
        of lowa with respected colleagues and in an open community. In
        1956, he was the first African American to receive tenure at the
        University of lowa. He was promoted to full professor in 1959.
        Hubbard was recognized for his teaching and scholarship, served
        on many boards and committees, and was made Dean of
        Academic Affairs in 1965. Throughout his career he made a point
        of seeking out minority students and encouraging women and
        minorities within the department of engineering. He writes, "My
        guiding star has been the welfare of humankind collectively and
        individually; actions in pursuit of a global goal or on behalf of peo-
        ple at a distance should not jeopardize the welfare of those close at
       hand” (pp. 87-88). Hubbard writes about his involvement in the
       community on such issues as civil rights and open housing. He
       was involved with the program known as "Opportunity at lowa"
       which sought to increase minority enrollment at the university,
       and by 1994, the university had achieved a nine percent minority
       enrollment.     Hubbard has remained active in his church, the com-
       munity, and at the university following his retirement.

289. Hughes, Dorothy Pitman. Wake Up and Smell the Dollars! Whose
     Inner-City Is This Anyway!: One Woman's Struggle against
    Sexism,   Classism, Racism,    Gentrification, and the Empowerment
    Zone. Phoenix, Arizona: Amber Books, 2000. 214 pages; pho-
    tographs. ISBN: 0965506479.
       Abstract: Dorothy Pitman Hughes has been a community activist
       since she was unable to find acceptable child care for her first
       child. Born in Charles Junction near Lumpkin, Georgia, Hughes
       was the third of six children. Her church and her community were
       important influences in her development. In 1957, she moved to
       New York City, where she worked as a domestic during the day
       and sang at nightclubs during the evening. She later quit her
       domestic work to operate a laundry out of her home. Unable to
       find suitable childcare, Hughes had to give up her singing career.
       She decided to set up her own drop-in day care operation in her
       apartment and, at the same time, became a child-care advocate
       and community activist.     Hughes's day care expanded and grew
       into a three-story building, complete with kitchen, laundry, and
       office space.   Never complacent, Hughes served on citywide and
218        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         national committees in pursuit of children's rights, decent family
         housing, and day care. One of her targets was New York City's
         notorious rat-infested welfare hotels. Hughes found that for each
         occupant, $2,000 a month in public funds went straight to the
         landlords of these neglected buildings. She showed that for the
         same cost she could put up a family for a month in the luxurious
         Waldorf Astoria Hotel. As Hughes's reputation as a social and
         political activist grew, she was asked to teach courses at Columbia
         University, College of New Rochelle, and City College. She also
         accompanied Gloria Steinem on a three-year speaking engage-
         ment. With successful business experience behind her, Hughes
         sought to encourage black entrepreneurship. She believed it was
         important for African Americans to own their own businesses and
         to claim ownership by buying stock in publicly held American
         corporations,   thus creating a foundation   for increased African-
         American influence and power. Hughes was especially interested
         in encouraging Harlem residents to spend their money in their
         own neighborhood and to create an environment that would
         encourage African Americans to start up businesses there. To fur-
         ther her vision for such a black-business renaissance, Hughes
         arranged for her own business, Harlem Office Supply, to go pub-
         lic. She sold shares for one dollar, with the goal of enrolling as
         many children as possible, providing them with the experience of
         pride of ownership.

290. Huntley, Bobby R. Italy and Back: A Black Man's Odyssey. [S.1.]:
      B. R. Huntley, 1997. 136 pages. ISBN: 0967233909.
         Abstract: In 1978, Bobby Huntley was the first member of his fam-
         ily to graduate from high school. He was proud of his accom-
         plishment and expected to reap benefits from it. Unable to find
         meaningful work, however, his brother and cousin convinced him
         to sign up for the Marine Corps. Huntley expected that his hard
         work, dedication, and determination would be rewarded on the
         same basis as all other Marines. He found, however, that in case
         after case "his skin was his sin." Racism was prevalent within the
         ranks and in the command structure.      He was denied opportuni-
         ties for advancement,   unjustly arrested, questioned, set up, and
         abused.   There were instances of cross burnings and fights, dis-
         crimination in promotions and assignments, and inconsistent pun-
         ishment. Huntley was eventually promoted to the rank of ser-
         geant, but not without having to plead his case and go over the
         heads of his immediate superiors. When Huntley's military career
         took him to Italy, he and another African-American Marine were
         the subject of false accusations, attacks, and court martials for four   |
                          The Bibliography                              219


        years. Both Marines were active in the Black American Cultural
        Organization (BACO) set up by the Marine Corps to provide pos-
        itive, morale-boosting activities and learning opportunities for
        black Marine families. Huntley was the president of this organi-
        zation, and this apparently factored into much of the abusive
        treatment he received. Huntley was not recommended for reen-
        listment by his commanding officer in Italy, and he received an
        honorable discharge. Although none of the charges or accusations
        brought against him were ever substantiated and the command-
        ing officer who refused to recommend him was under investiga-
        tion for misconduct, Huntley was unsuccessful in his attempt to
        remain in the Corps. Huntley's story tells of his hard work in the
        Marine Corps and his determination to stand up for what was
        right. He wrote this book to call attention to the flagrant misuse
        of authority within the Marine Corps, but found the writing
        process to be a healing experience. Huntley harbors no bitterness
        and remains loyal to the men and women with whom he served.

291. Hutchinson, Earl. A Colored Man's Journey through 20th Century
    Segregated America.     Written with Earl Ofari Hutchinson.        Los
    Angeles, California: Middle Passage Press, 2000.           150 pages;
    photographs. ISBN: 1881032175.
        Abstract: At the age of ninety-seven, Earl Hutchinson records his
        "personal recollections and impressions of the people, places, and
        events that shaped and influenced my life and that of millions of
        other Negroes in 20 Century segregated America" (p. 9). Born in
        1903, Hutchinson was a native of Clarksville, Tennessee.   His fam-
       ily moved to St. Louis when he was ten. By this time, he notes,
       over one thousand African Americans had been lynched at the
       hands of white mobs. Hutchinson parallels the events of his life
       with the slow progress for the African American in the United
       States. As an adult, Hutchinson moved to Chicago expecting to
       find improved conditions, but found segregated neighborhoods
       and limited job opportunities. As a postal worker, he was not
       allowed to work in any position that involved handling money or
       directly serving white patrons. Hutchinson describes the elabo-
       rate process he and his wife had to follow to buy an apartment
       building in an all-white neighborhood. When violence and other
       tactics failed to drive them from the area, white families began to
       move away until the entire neighborhood was occupied by
       African-American families. Hutchinson points out that the pre-
       dictability of white flight was a bonanza for real estate agents who
       bought out home owners cheaply and then sold to incoming
       African Americans at inflated prices. After retirement from the
220        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         postal service in 1960, Hutchinson, his wife, and children moved
         to Los Angeles. He found that the Los Angeles area had the same
         restrictive housing codes and "red lining” practices that he had left
         behind. (Red lining was a way for banks and other financial insti-
         tutions to restrict the availability of real estate purchases by neigh-
         borhood.) Hutchinson       went into the real estate business      and
         worked with several organizations to change discriminatory hous-
         ing practices. He concludes by writing:
                    [Mly great hope is that just as colored persons
                    fought hard to end my journey through 20th
                    Century segregated America, others will contin-
                    ue to fight to make sure colored men and
                    women will not have to repeat that same jour-
                    ney through 21st Century America.     I pray that
                    God fulfills that hope.                     (p. 96)

292. Hyman, Rick and Ronda Hyman.             My Texas Family: An
     Uncommon Journey to Prosperity [Featuring Photographs from 1912
      to 1927]. Charleston, South Carolina: Tempus, 2000. 128 pages;
      photographs. ISBN: 0738501816.
         Notes: Also published with the imprint Arcadia Publishing.
         Abstract: Hyman presents many photos and stories to tell the his-
         tory of his mother's family, the Martins of Round Top, Texas. An
         artist, Hyman is in the process of interpreting the family photo col-
         lection into a series of paintings, some of which are included in the
         book. He interviews several cousins to provide background to the
         Martin family history from their days as slaves in Virginia to their
         move by covered wagon to Texas in 1863. Henry Martin, Hyman's
         great-great-grandfather, was the patriarch of the family. He
         owned a considerable tract of land on which oil would later be dis-
         covered.    Hyman presents several stories about his great-great-
         grandfather, his role in the African-American          community     of
         Round Top, his resistance to Texas style racism, and the prosperi-
         ty he helped his family to achieve.

293. Hytche, William Percy.          Step by Step to the Top: The Saga of a
      President of a Historically Black University.    Winter Park, Florida:
      Four-G Publishers, 1999.          345 pages; photographs.           ISBN:
      1885066538.
         Abstract:   Retired president of the University of Maryland,
         Eastern Shore (UMES), Hytche was motivated to write his story in
         the hopes that "my account gives hope and encouragement to
                          The Bibliography                                         271



        everybody no matter what his or her roots in life are, whether rich
        or poor, old or young, educated or street smart, White or Black" (p.
        xiii). Hytche was unable to attend college because he could not
        pay tuition and fees.     A cousin convinced him to try Langston
        University in Oklahoma where he was given employment, which
        allowed him to pay his way. He graduated in 1950 with two teach-
        ing offers, but was inducted into the army, and rose to the rank of
        first sergeant. Following his tour of duty, Hytche taught mathe-
        matics at Ponca City, Oklahoma.        During this time, he bought the
        Blue Moon restaurant. He immediately made it the first integrat-
        ed restaurant in the county by bringing in black people and pay-
        ing for their meals.     In 1960, after a profitable sale of the Blue
        Moon, Hytche was invited to teach math at UMES, then called
        Maryland State College, a historically black college in Princess
        Anne, Maryland.        While teaching, Hytche purchased another
        soon-to-be successful restaurant, was promoted to a deanship, and
        eventually became college president.        Hytche's path was not
        always smooth, and he describes many instances of discrimination
        and racism. He attended Tullahasse School, an all black school
        which was left unfinished by the WPA and had no water or elec-
        tricity. This was his "indoctrination to an unfair world because of
        one's race" (p. 47).    Hytche recalls many incidents in the army,
        including those below him in rank refusing to take his orders, and
        incidents with policemen and bus drivers in the towns in which he
        was stationed.   Hytche never accepted the status quo, and sought
        to desegregate businesses and community organizations. After
        years of struggling to receive appropriate funding and support for
        his college, Hytche was able to say that, during his final years as
        president, he received compliments for his work and spent less
        time having to plead for money and defend the role that UMES
        played within the University of Maryland system. He describes
        sweeping changes to the physical plant and in the size and diver-
        sity of the student body, faculty, and staff (at all levels).           Hytche
        and his wife Deloris are world travelers who have been received
        as guests of honor in Taiwan, People's Republic of China,
        Cameroon,    Zambia,     Kenya,     Egypt,   Israel,   South    Africa,    and
        Mexico.

294. Hyun, Peter. In the New World: The Making of a Korean American.
    Honolulu,     Hawai'i:     University    of Hawai'i        Press,   1995.      290
    pages; photographs. ISBN: 082481648x.
        Abstract: This sequel to Hyun's Man Sei! (1986) begins in 1924 as
        he, age seventeen, arrives in Honolulu          via Shanghai where his
        family had fled to escape the Japanese occupation of Korea. Hyun
PDB:     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



       lived a remarkable and colorful life. He graduated from high
       school struggling with English and trying to adapt to U.S. customs
       and mannerisms, all of which contrasted sharply with those of
       Korea.   He attended college for two years at DePauw in Indiana,
       leaving to study theater in New York under the direction of Eva
       LeGalliane. Unfortunately, his work in the theater was tarnished
       by a pervasive racism. He writes that "a live Asian working on the
       stage of a New York theatre was unheard of, not to mention as a
       stage manager. It wasn't only that I was a foreigner; I was an
       ‘Oriental,’ a 'chinaman,' an inferior" (p. 94). Racism eventually
       drove Hyun out of his job. He successfully formed his own com-
       pany, The Studio Players, and directed with the Workers’ Lab
       Theatre /Theatre of Action. When Hyun was directing The Revolt
       of the Beavers for the New York Federal Theatre, the announcement
       from the producer that the play would go to Broadway was fol-
       lowed by the cast refusing to go with a "chinaman" director. Hyun
       left the production and directing for good. "I shuddered at the
       thought of spending the rest of my life fighting and struggling
       against the unseen phantom. ... I had to refuse to be mired in the
       filth of racial prejudice" (p. 157). His next job was surveying for
       the United States Army in Hawai'i. He joined the armed forces
       after the United States entered World War II, and became a
       Japanese language specialist. He was sent to be liaison to a group
       of "Japanese" prisoners of war who turned out to be Koreans who
       had been pressed into slave labor by the Japanese army. He was
       later promoted to major and sent to U.S.-occupied South Korea
       following the war. Hyun comments on the totalitarian nature of
       the U.S. occupation of South Korea and notes that the Koreans
       were perceived as inferior and that while the Americans were
       well-fed and groomed, the Koreans were either "sick or dying"
       (p. 217). While in Korea, Hyun was arrested, presumably for his
       contact with Communists, expelled from Korea and discharged
       from the army. Later, due to his work with national peace organ-
       izations, Hyun was called before the House Committee on
       Un-American Activities, where one witness accused him of being
       Mao's number one agent in the United States.            Despite the
       discrimination he faced, Hyun clings to his "faith that the human
       race is endowed with the potential to construct a world of peace
       and tolerance that our own sons and daughters will inherit" (p.
       279).
                           The Bibliography                               2


295. Ice T.   The Ice Opinion: Who Gives a Fuck?          As told to Heidi
     Siegmund.     New York, New York: St. Martin's Press, 1994.          199
     pages; photographs. ISBN: 0312104863.
        Abstract: Rapper Ice T grew up in a New Jersey ghetto before
        moving to South Central Los Angeles. He got into film and rap
        music after four years in the military, time spent working in a low-
        paid government job, and making the decision not to take up a
        criminal career. His first single was "Six in the Morning." A num-
        ber of years later, he signed with Warner Brothers and released
        three gold albums in a row. He formed the rock group Body
        Count, which released     an album    with the controversial single,
        "Cop Killer." This plunged Ice T and Warner Brothers into the
        middle of a censorship battle. Ice T eventually left Warner
        Brothers feeling that, although they had supported him through
        the controversy, it was his battle to fight, and not theirs. He writes
        that "35,000 black police officers said they would not join in with
        any boycott of Ice T or Time Warner because they knew I was say-
        ing the truth. Since July, hundreds of cops have come up to me
        saying, ‘Ice, I know what the record is about, I'm not dumb" (p.
        175). Ice T also presents his point of view on a variety of other
        contemporary issues with the goal of inspiring conversation.
        They include the condition of people living in the ghetto, gang life
        and culture, and the prison experience and inmate culture.       Ice T
        debunks the myths about the "good old days" and "traditional val-
        ues." He questions any meaning these phrases could possibly
        hold for African Americans. Ice T speaks to school-age children all
        over the country. He encourages them to identify the skills they
        have to live in the streets, skills that could also help them be suc-
        cessful off the street and in jobs. He believes children from the
        ghetto should be given the opportunity for college so that they
        have the opportunity to get out: "You don't choose the ghetto.
        Everybody would like to be surrounded by beauty and would like
        to feel safe in their homes. I want to explain to people that when
        they do get over the wall, leave, but come back and pick up your
        friends.   Give them a chance to make a better life for themselves,
        too" (p. 20). Ice T seeks success to set an example for youth still in
        the ghetto to demonstrate that it is possible to leave and accom-
        plish your goals: "I love the notion that my kid might have the
        chance to die of old age" (p. 21).
224        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



296. Ichihashi, Yamato. Morning Glory, Evening Shadow: Yamato
     Ichihashi and His Internment Writings, 1942-1945. Annotated
     and with a biographical essay by Gordon H. Chang. Asian
      America. Stanford, California: Stanford University Press, 1997.
      552 pages; illustrations; photographs. ISBN: 0804727333.
         Abstract:   Gordon Chang has collected Ichihashi's diary entries,
         letters to friends, and research-oriented essays, as well as the let-
         ters of Mrs. Ichihashi, all originating from their three years in three
         relocation camps during World War II. A historian and professor
         in the history department at Stanford University, Ichihashi care-
         fully observed and recorded conditions, self-government activi-
         ties, and community developments. In his letters to his friends at
         Stanford he seeks to give a detailed account of life in the camps.
         Others depict the severe emotional and physical strain most of the
         inmates suffered due to the demoralizing conditions and require-
         ments. His wife Kei's letters cover day-to-day emotions and
         necessities. In May 1942, the Ichihashis were initially sent to the
         Santa Anita Center in Arcadia, California where they were
         assigned to wooden sheds with no ceilings, no furniture, and no
         privacy. Rules were set and changed arbitrarily. Ichihashi tried to
         make himself useful to both the camp inmates and members of the
         administration, but he was viewed with suspicion by both sides.
         In August, the Ichihashis were relocated to Tule Lake, a camp with
         somewhat better conditions. Shortly after their arrival there,
         Ichihashi was arrested by the FBI and taken to a camp near San
         Francisco. He writes about the crisis for camp inmates caused by
         the infamous loyalty questions 27 and 28. All men and women,
         Issei and Nisei, were required to answer yes or no to two questions
         that asked if they were willing to serve in the armed forces and
         whether they would pledge allegiance to the United States and
         renounce all allegiance to Japan. They were then segregated by
         loyalty as judged by their responses. Those deemed "disloyal"
         stayed at Tule Lake, while the "loyal" inmates were transferred to
         other camps. The Ichihashis were sent to Amache Relocation
         Camp in Granada, Colorado. As the years passed and younger
         people were encouraged to go to school or find work in nonre-
         stricted areas of the country, only older people and children
         remained in the camps, and many of the older people felt unable
         to face a future that meant starting over from nothing. The
         documents end with a letter in May 1945 from Ichihashi to
         one of his co-internees describing his and Kei's homecoming to
         Palo Alto. The Ichihashis were lucky to have had friends who
         watched out for their property and belongings, and who greeted
         them warmly upon their return. All the same, homecoming and
                         The Bibliography                                225


        readjustment were difficult and life did not resume where it left off
        for them.

297. Jackson, Eugene W. (1916- ). Eugene “Pineapple” Jackson: His
     Own Story.     Written with Gwendolyn Sides St. Julian.
     Foreword by Zaiid Leflore.      Jefferson, North Carolina:
     McFarland & Company, 1999. 223 pages; photographs. ISBN:
     0786405333.
        Abstract: Eugene W. Jackson began his acting career at the age of
        seven. A talented tap dancer, Jackson had become a regular win-
        ner of a local amateur talent contest when the directors of the con-
        test urged Jackson's mother to take him to the movie studios to get
        into film. He quickly became a favorite and received a number of
        small parts. In 1924, at age nine, Jackson was hired into the "Our
        Gang" series, and played the character "Pineapple," a name that
        has stayed with him through his entire acting and entertaining
        career. After a year with "Our Gang," Jackson struck out on his
        own and was featured in a number of comedy series. Besides act-
        ing, Jackson starred in a vaudeville duo with his brother, Freddie
        Baker. They were managed by their mother, Lillie Baker, who
        signed their contracts and collected their pay—not always an easy
        task. Jackson was also an all-around musician, and played saxo-
        phone and clarinet. With his brother on drums and Virgil Johnson
        on piano, Jackson formed the Jackson Trio. His musical career was
        interrupted by induction into the army, but he joined the military
        band. Jackson is still active in the entertainment field as a musi-
        cian, dancer, and actor. He has loved his work and is proud of his
        contributions to the film industry.    Jackson urges the public to
        understand and respect the early African-American actors and
       actresses for their many accomplishments and for leading the way
       for future generations of African Americans into the film industry:
       "I believe that the old-time black actors are sometimes ridiculed
       for the roles we played, but I must say that we did not control
       Hollywood . . . (p. 86). Please be proud of our roles and hard
       work.   We did contribute.   We did make a difference" (p. 88).


298. James, Etta (1938- ). Rage to Survive: The Etta James Story.
     Written with David Ritz. New York, New York: Villard Books,
    1995. 304 pages; discography; photographs;              index.    ISBN:
    0679423281.
       Notes: Also published New York: Da Capo Press, 1998.           ISBN:
       0306808129 : 030680784x.
226        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         Abstract: Etta James was born Jamesetta Hawkins in Los Angeles,
         California. She began singing in church as a child, and in 1953, at
         age fourteen, she was offered a job on the road. She forged the
         signature of her mother, who was in jail at the time, quit school,
         and began her career as a solo singer. Her first recording was "Roll
         With Me, Henry," and it became a hit. Etta James's life followed a
         single path for the next thirty years. She remained enormously
         popular. All of her records sold well, and enthusiastic crowds
         greeted her live performances. At the same time, she was attract-
         ed to abusive men and almost continuously addicted to heroine.
         James participated in numerous rehabilitation programs which
         restored her to health long enough so that she could become read-
         dicted, and she was arrested repeatedly for drugs, writing bad
         checks, and skipping parole. Through all this, she still managed
         to hang onto her career. Finally, in the 1980s, she found herself
         without a manager or work. James refused to give up and began
         booking her own appearances. A turning point in her life came
         when she was asked to sing at the opening ceremony of the 1984
         Olympics in Los Angeles. With her career revived, she checked
         herself into the Betty Ford Clinic in Palm Springs and was finally
         able to cure her addictions permanently. She continues to sing and
         record. In 1994, James won her first Grammy award, in the Best
         Jazz Vocal category, for her Mystery Lady album: "After forty years
         of singing R&B and blues, it was funny to finally win as a jazz
         singer. No matter, I was glad. I accepted the mystery" (p. 264).
         She was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1992.
         "Honors are nice," she says, "[b]ut the truth is that I'm of two
         minds about these things. Part of me is thrilled to be recognized,
         but another part resents the lily-white institution that sends down
         its proclamations from on high. They decide who is rock and roll
         and who isn't; they decide who was important and who wasn't" (p.
         256).   Etta James currently lives in California with her husband,
         Artis Mills, and her two sons, Donto and Sametto.


299. James, Rev. Thomas (1804-1891).         Life of Rev. Thomas James by
      Himself.    Chapel Hill, North       Carolina:    Academic     Affairs
      Library, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, 2000.
         http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu/neh/jamesth/jamesth.sgml
         http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu/neh/jamesth/jamesth.html
         Notes: Documenting the American South (Project).
                              The Bibliography                                  227,


300. James, Walter (1964- ). From the Carolinas to Immortality: The
     Autobiography of Walter James III. Chapel Hill, North Carolina:
     Chapel Hill Press, 1997. 132 pages. ISBN: none.

301. Jamison, M. F. (1848-1918). Autobiography and Work of Bishop M.
     F. Jamison,     D.D.     ("Uncle    Joe”), Editor, Publisher,   and    Church
     Extension Secretary: A Narration of His Whole Career from the
     Cradle to the Bishopric of the Colored M. E. Church in America.
     Chapel      Hill,     North     Carolina:   Academic      Affairs     Library,
     University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, 2000.
        http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu/neh/jamison/jamison.sgml
        http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu/neh/jamison/jamison.html

302. Japanese American Historical Society of Southern California.
     Nanka      Nikkei     Voices:   Resettlement   Years,   1945-1955.       [S.1.]:
     Japanese American           Historical Society of Southern California,
     1998. 109 pages; photographs; maps. ISBN: none.
        Abstract:         Many changes took place after the release of the
        Japanese-American community from internment camps where
        they were incarcerated during World War II. Before the war, most
        of the community had been concentrated along the West Coast in
        rural areas.       After the war, the War Relocation Authority (WRA)
        attempted to break up this concentration and move Japanese-
        Americans away from the Pacific Coast by convincing families to
        settle in other areas, such as Denver, Chicago, and Minneapolis.
        No matter where they went, however, they faced housing and
        employment discrimination. Families who chose to return to their
        homes in California faced the loss of property and belongings, as
        well as discrimination and violence. This collection of narratives
        focuses on this period of resettlement following the war.
        Contributions are from both professional and first-time writers,
        teenagers and children ("Sansei and Yonsei Views"), and military
        veterans.        The stories cover postwar Los Angeles, employment
        and unemployment,            the reestablishment   of religious communi-
        ties, and the conditions          of transience    experienced    by many
        Japanese Americans.

303. Jaramillo, Cleofas M. Romance of a Little Village Girl. Pas6 Por
     Aqui. Albuquerque, New Mexico: University of New Mexico
    Press, 2000. 200 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0826322867.
        Notes: Originally published San Antonio: The Naylor Company,
        1955.
228         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         Abstract: Cleofas M. Jaramillo was born into an old Spanish fam-
         ily in the Spanish territory of New Mexico. This territory became
         part of Mexico, and was later taken over by the United States. Her
         memoir serves as a sequel to her work on New Mexican life
         Shadows of the Past (Santa Fe: Seton Village Press, 1941) and pro-
         vides the details of her life as well as a picture of life in the terri-
         tory during the early part of the twentieth century. Jaramillo's
         family farmed, ranched, and operated a store. She met her hus-
         band when she was eighteen, and they were married two years
         later, in 1898. Her husband was from a wealthy Spanish family
         which was unhappy with the match. However, she and her hus-
         band were devoted to each other and remained so throughout
         their life together. Jaramillo describes her courtship, wedding,
         and adjustment to marriage. She and her husband traveled
         together visiting at different times California, New York,
         Washington, D.C., where they attended the presidential inaugura-
         tion, St. Louis for the World's Fair, and Mexico       to visit family.
         Jaramillo conceived their first child ten years into their marriage
         and the baby died five days after birth. Their second child lived
         only fifteen months. Their third child survived, only to be mur-
         dered at age eighteen, and Jaramillo's husband died when this
         daughter was four. After the death of her husband, Jaramillo was
         left to handle all of the vast properties that he had accumulated.
         She discovered that her financial situation was precarious and
         spent the next decade attempting to clear up debt.         During this
         hectic time, her daughter was growing up in a different social cli-
         mate than Jaramillo had experienced in her youth. She looks back
         wondering if she was too strict or too cold with her daughter. In
         her later years, Jaramillo became concerned with preserving the
         culture in which she was raised. She founded the Spanish
         Folklore Society, published a book of Spanish fairy tales, a cook
         book, and other works documenting the early New Mexican
         Spanish society and traditions.

304. Jin, Sarunna. My First American Friend. Written with Shirley V.
      Beckes.   Boston, Massachussetts: Houghton Mifflin, 1996.                30
      pages. ISBN: 0395731682.

305. Johnson, Dwayne. See The Rock.
                          The Bibliography                                229


306. Johnson, James Weldon. Along This Way: The Autobiography of
     James Weldon Johnson. Introduction by Sondra Kathryn Wilson.
     New York, New York: Da Capo Press, 2000. 418 pages. ISBN:
     030680929x.
        Notes:    Also published New York: Penguin, 1990.              ISBN:
        0140184015; originally published New York: Viking, 1933.

307. Johnson,   Kevin    R.     How   Did   You   Get   to Be Mexican?:     A
    White/Brown Man's Search for Identity. Philadelphia, Penn-            syl-
    vania: Temple University Press, 1999. 245 pages; photographs.
    ISBN: 1566396506 : 1566396514.
        Abstract: Kevin R. Johnson, a graduate of Harvard Law School
        and professor of law at the University of California at Davis,
        paints a clear picture of the difficult path the minority scholar
        must follow to find a place within academia.        He begins by
        describing the confusion he experienced growing up the son of a
        Mexican-American mother, who attempted to deny her ethnic
        background, and a white, Swedish-American        father, who encour-
        aged Johnson to embrace his Mexican heritage. Johnson's parents
        divorced when he and his brother were still quite young. Initially,
        they lived with their mother in the racially mixed neighborhood of
        Azusa, California, but when their living situation deteriorated the
        boys left to live with their father in a white neighborhood in
        Torrence, California.   Neither Johnson nor his brother were clear-
        ly identifiable as Mexican American by look or by name, and so,
       although he considered himself Mexican American, he never felt
       like he fit into this group. Once in college at U.C. Berkeley, Johnson
       found that studying with professors such as sociologist Harry
       Edwards and Chicano Studies professors Mario Barrera and
       David Montejano "opened my eyes to many things and built on
       the racial sensitivity that my father had taught me" (p. 96).
       Johnson writes, "My education provided me with a better under-
       standing of my racial identity" (p. 97). He describes the kind of
       discrimination rampant in academia from students, administra-
       tors, and faculty alike. Minorities are often suspected of achieving
       only because of affirmative action; one’s motivations are often
       considered suspect when supporting other minority faculty mem-
       bers and students; a minority scholar is often questioned by
       minority students and colleagues if he or she is not considered
       radical enough; and the minority scholar is often questioned by
       white faculty and students if he or she is even slightly proactive in
       matters of race and ethnic politics.
230        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



308. Johnson, Keyshawn. Just Give Me the Damn Ball: The Fast Times
     of an NFL Rookie. Written with Shelley Smith. New York, New
      York: Warner Books, 1997.        223 pages; photographs.         ISBN:
      0446521450.
         Abstract: Keyshawn Johnson writes about his first year with the
         New York Jets as the number-one pick of the NFL draft. He talks
         about his frustration while his agents and the Jets labored over the
         contract negotiations past the start of the rookie reporting date.
         He gives a full account of the Jets' one-win fifteen-loss season and
         his season-long frustration at not getting the ball. Johnson
         recounts his early teen years scalping tickets, selling drugs, and
         participating in burglaries. He was arrested several times, always
         for ticket scalping, and served a number of months in a juvenile
         detention center. Johnson became friends with probation officer
         Murphy Ruffin, who urged him to clean up his act and to stay out
         of prison. Johnson was heavily influenced by Ruffin and deter-
         mined to make a go of it. He made it through high school, played
         football with several junior colleges, and was accepted to the
         University of Southern California. Johnson had a high regard for
         the coaching staff there and for the support they gave him. He
         remembers with appreciation all of those who stood by him and
         saw him through to his professional career. He is pleased to give
         help in return. At the end of the book, Johnson looks forward to a
         new season with the Jets and to playing with a new coach.

309. Johnson, Nellie Stone. Nellie Stone Johnson: The Life of an
     Activist. As told to David Brauer. Saint Paul, Minnesota:
      Ruminator Books, 2000. 234 pages. ISBN: 1886913358.
         Abstract: African-American social activist Nellie Johnson grew up
         on her family's farm in Lakeville and Pine County, Minnesota.
         Her father, who was active in the Nonpartisan League, organizing
         the local dairy farmers to get fair prices for their milk, introduced
         her to labor organizing. To this day, she shares his motto of "Equal
         opportunity, good education, and good health" (p. 31). By the time
         she finished high school, Johnson was already deeply involved in
         the labor movement. As an activist, she helped to organize Local
         665 of the Hotel and Restaurant Workers, and she always held that
         the betterment of working people could only be achieved through
         unions. As a young woman, Johnson was a member of the Young
         Communists. She was called before a grand jury to name other
         Communist Party members but refused to. Later, she was active
         in both the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party in Minnesota and the
         Progressive Party. She campaigned for platforms rather than indi-
                           The Bibliography                                  231


        viduals, although she was closely associated with Hubert
        Humphrey up until he began to publicly support the Vietnam
        War. Johnson later publicly resigned from both the Progressive
        Party and the Young Communists because her memberships hurt
        her ability to campaign and organize. Johnson has remained
        active into her nineties. She had the ear of Minnesota Governor
        Rudy Perpich, helped to found the Fair Employment and Housing
        Commission, and campaigned for the Fair Employment and
        Housing Act. Johnson was also on a committee to assure that affir-
        mative action would be utilized in the construction of the Mall of
        America.      She writes,   "You   don't have    to be a Superman     or
        Superwoman to accomplish things. You can be a regular person
        just like anyone else" (p. 3).

310. Johnson, Rafer.      The Best That I Can Be: An Autobiography.
    Written with Philip Goldberg.            Introduction by Tom Brokaw.
    New York, New York: Doubleday, 1998.                   270 pages; photo-
    graphs. ISBN: 0385487606.
        Notes:     Also   published    New     York:    Galilee,   1999.   ISBN:
        0385487614.

        Abstract: Rafer Johnson was one of the best-known athletes in the
        United States in the late 1950s and early 1960s. He was born in
        Texas, but raised in the largely white town of Kingsburg,
        California, in the San Juaquin Valley. The Johnsons were one of
        the few black families, and Rafer was the only African American
       in his high school class. Kingsburg, however, was fairly free of
       racial discrimination. Johnson's coaches groomed him for athletic
       fame in the decathlon from an early age, and throughout his ath-
       letic career, the Kingsburg population supported him, celebrating
       his victories and homecomings. He has remained their favorite
       son. In the early 1990s, long after the end of his athletic career,
       eighty-one percent of the town voted to name a new school Rafer
       Johnson Junior High School. Johnson claims that the life he had in
       Kingsburg gave him his optimistic attitude and values. While in
       college at UCLA, he won the decathlon at the 1955 Pan American
       Games in Mexico City and qualified for the 1956 Olympics in
       Melbourne, Australia where he won the silver medal. Throughout
       his years as a decathlete, he broke the world record a number of
       times. For the 1960 Olympics, he and Taiwan athlete C. K. Yang
       both trained with the same coach and formed a fast friendship.
       Johnson won the gold, and Yang was close behind with the silver,
       both breaking the world record. After the Olympics, Johnson
       retired from athletic competition. He had brief careers in film and
232        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         television broadcasting and worked for People to People
         International, an international goodwill program, Continental
         Telephone, and numerous social organizations. During the 1960s,
         he became friends with Robert Kennedy and was with him when
         he was murdered. Johnson managed to twist the gun out of the
         assassin's hand and, with Rosie Grier, subdued him until police
         arrived. His relationship with the Kennedy family also led him to
         involvement in the Special Olympics, run by Kennedy's sister
         Eunice Shriver, still one of his favorite causes. Johnson, who is
         married and has two children, remains active in social and athlet-
         ic activities and, along with many other honors, was chosen to
         light the Olympic torch in Los Angeles at the 1984 Olympics.

311. Johnson, Ralph W.        David Played a Harp: An Autobiography.
      Davidson, North Carolina: Blackwell Ink, Inc., 2000. 452 pages;
      photographs. ISBN: 0970271301.
         Abstract:   Ralph Johnson lived in Davidson, North Carolina, a
         town that had no public education for black children. A school
         behind the church offered education to African-American children
         through the seventh grade. Acknowledging Johnson's strong
         desire to learn and his love of reading, his widowed mother sent
         him to a private high school, but he soon had to quit to earn
         money to support the family. At the age of sixteen, his formal edu-
         cation was over and his fifty-year effort to rebuild the family bar-
         bershop business had begun. In North Carolina, as in many other
         southern states, the barbershop business was strictly segregated
         by law. You either cut the hair of white people or black people.
         Johnson was in the business of cutting the hair of white people.
         He found that he was expected to work hard, but not prosper or
         advance. This attitude was held by African Americans in the com-
         munity as well as whites. Still a student at heart, Johnson studied
         constantly, both in the evening after leaving work and during slow
         times in his shop. He took high-school education correspondence
         courses to complete his high school education and studied com-
         mercial art and law. Again, this was something that was frowned
         upon by blacks and whites alike, and Johnson became the target of
         the anger of both races. One night, the home that he had built and
         nearly paid for was destroyed in an arson attack, although the
         family escaped without harm.        In 1968, students   at all-white
         Davidson College decided to picket and boycott Johnson's whites-
         only barbershop. No one ever approached Johnson about chang-
         ing his policy, nor was the state law requiring segregated barber-
         shops taken into consideration.    Johnson felt that he was being
         held responsible for the conditions of segregation that he himself
         had had to fight and endure.
                           The Bibliography                                233



                   I wonder if these bright young men had consid-
                   ered whether it was unfair, unjust and immoral
                   for them to secretly arrange an attack upon me
                   and my business for a condition that had been
                   imposed upon me by their elders and had been
                   severely maintained by all the pressures of a
                   white-controlled society. It was indeed a strange
                   morality that excused them from culpability in a
                   sneak attack upon an innocent victim of the very
                   wrongs that they, in an extremely odd quirk of
                   reasoning now accused me of perpetrating on
                   Negro people.                       (pp. 365-366)
       Johnson did desegregate his shop, but business deteriorated, and,
       in 1971, he decided to close his business. Johnson retired with
       extreme bitterness. He finished writing this book in 1973 and
       decided to call it Horn of Trouble. It was not published for another
       twenty-seven years. In the meantime, he renamed it David Played
       His Harp as an indication that conditions had indeed improved
       over time.

312. Johnson, Shirley E. Oglesby Smith. Touch My Soul—I Are Fine.
    Kansas City, Missouri: Oglesby Communications,               1998.     155
    pages. ISBN: none.
       Abstract:      Johnson   writes   about growing   up in Pine      Bluff,
       Arkansas.      She was the oldest of thirteen children, several of
       whom were born after she left home.       Her father was very strict,
       and her mother allowed the children to develop their own inter-
       ests and personalities.    Her parents' marriage was fiery, and
       Johnson found school to be a safe haven. Johnson excelled in her
       studies and participated in every available extra-curricular activi-
       ty. She and her siblings attended a segregated high school, but
       Johnson writes that they had good opportunities and fine facili-
       ties. Johnson's English teacher taught the students both the rules
       of Black English and of Standard English and the appropriate uses
       for both and she urged the students to respect those who spoke
       Black English. Johnson attended AM&N College, a traditionally
       black school, now     the University of Arkansas,   Pine Bluff.     She
       majored in business administration and planned to become a
       lawyer. She moved to Flint, Michigan, after college and then to
       Kansas City, Missouri, after she married Clinton M. Johnson. She
       earned her master's degree at the University of Kansas City
       Missouri (UMKC) and became a teacher. Comparing her experi-
       ences at UMKC and AM&N, Johnson writes that the faculty and
234        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


        staff of black colleges gave students the support they needed,
        while predominantly white schools, such as UMKC, set artificial
        blocks in the way of African-American students. Johnson gives
        her views on marriage and describes her own, as well as some of
        the positive and negative marital experiences of her siblings.
        Johnson tells how the family came together after the death of their
        father   to   care   for   their   mother,   who   was   suffering   from
        Alzheimer's disease.

313. Jones, Bill T. Last Night on Earth. Written with Peggy Gillespie.
      New York, New York: Pantheon Books, 1995. 286 pages; pho-
      tographs. ISBN: 0679439269.
        Abstract: Dancer Bill T. Jones began life in Bunnell, Florida. His
        large family consisted of four children from his mother's previous
        marriage and the eight his parents had together. Jones remembers
        his father gathering the children all around and telling them sto-
        ries of his childhood and family and how they, according to fami-
        ly lore, came to the United States from the Andes or possibly the
         Indies. These stories and the tradition of storytelling later became
         an important part of Jones's work as a dancer. The family moved
         to Binghamton, New York, where he was raised with traditional
        southern African-American culture even while living in a pre-
        dominantly white area of the city. He was drawn to the arts and
        became aware of his gay sexual orientation at a fairly young age.
        Both his southern background and sexual identity have figured
        strongly in his dancing and choreographic work. He met his part-
         ner of seventeen years, Arnie Lane, while still a freshman at SUNY
         Binghamton. Lane and Jones followed several paths together
         before they founded the Bill T. Jones/ Arnie Lane Dance Company
         and danced as partners. They were referred to as "the same-sex
         choreographic duo" and described as "tall and black, short and
         white" (p. 203). Lane died in 1988 after contracting HIV/AIDS in
         the early 1980s. Jones describes his dancing career, his inspirations
         and the details of his many dances and the stories behind them.
         He sees his personal history within the context of the nation's, pro-
         viding a chronology that begins in the sixteenth century as
         Europeans "penetrated the Dark Continent," and ending
         December 30, 1994 at 9:00 p.m. as he and his current companion,
         Bjorn Amelan, settle down to a quiet evening at home after having
         been stopped in their car by the police, who mistakenly suspected
         that Jones was wanted for armed robbery.
                         The Bibliography                               235


314. Jones, James Earl. James Earl Jones: Voices and Silences. Written
    with Penelope Niven. New York, New York: Scribner, 1993.
    394 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0684195135.
        Notes: Also published New York : Simon & Schuster, 1994. ISBN:
        0671899457.
        Abstract: Actor James Earl Jones's boyhood memories include the
        warm light of a coal lamp at the moment of his birth, discussions
        about slavery, issues of skin color, the difficulty of attending
        school, and the absence of his father. His mother was generally
        away working and Jones lived with his grandparents, aunts,
        uncles, and a cousin. His father was an actor and a boxer, both
        occupations were frowned upon by his grandparents. Jones was
        kept from him as a child. Jones began stuttering at about the age
        of six and rarely spoke until he was fourteen. When urged by an
        English teacher to read a poem he had written, Jones discovered
        that he could read out loud without a stutter. This event threw
        him into the world of poetry and literature. At the age of twenty-
        one, he renewed his relationship with his actor father, Robert Earl
        Jones, and they became quite close, working together on a number
        of occasions. Jones and his cousin Randy were determined to
        attend college and became the first of their family to do so. Jones
        started out studying medicine, but soon decided to switch to
        Drama and English. A member of ROTC, Jones expected to be
        sent to Korea, but the truce came, and he left the service to study
        on the GI Bill at the American Wing Theatre. Jones describes his
        education in theater and acting, his many theatrical associates,
        and what it was like working with his father. He also gives a
        detailed account of many of the plays in which he has performed,
        paying particular attention to his role as Othello and to his con-
        troversial one-man production of the life of Paul Robeson.

315. Jones, LeAlan and Lloyd Newman. Our America: Life and Death
     on the South Side of Chicago.  Written with David Isay.
    Photographs by John Brooks. New York, New York: Scribner,
    1997. 203 pages; photographs.       ISBN: 0684836165.
       Notes: Published in paperback New York : Pocket Books, 1998.
       ISBN: 0671004646.
       Based on recorded interviews by LeAlan Jones and Lloyd
       Newman between 1993 and 1996. Originally produced for radio
       by David Isay of Sound Portraits and National Public Radio.
       Photographs by John Brooks, teenage resident of the Ida B. Wells
       housing project in Chicago.
236     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


      Abstract:     In 1993   LeAlan   Jones   and   Lloyd   Newman,   both
      teenagers, were selected by David Isay to create a recorded diary
      of one week in their lives at the Ida B. Wells housing project in
      Chicago. They recorded their own activities and thoughts; they
      talked to members of their families, the principal of their elemen-
      tary school, and local business people. Jones interviewed his
      grandmother who has custody of Jones and his siblings due to his
      mother's mental illness. He does not know who is father is. He
      also interviewed his seventeen-year-old sister, who, already the
      mother of a two-year-old, has dropped out of school. Jones asks
      her if any of her friends have been killed and she responds that
      probably thirty to forty of her close friends are dead. Newman
      interviewed his father, a chronic alcoholic who does not live at
      home, and his two teenage sisters, who have raised the younger
      children since their mother died of cirrhosis of the liver at the age
      of thirty-five. Jones and Newman give a vivid depiction of a life
      lived in the midst of frequent shootings and killings, and vacant,
      crumbling housing. They write of the difficulty of connecting to
      school when one is hungry and scared and when expectations for
      a future beyond high school are nonexistent. Two years after com-
      pleting this first project, Newman and Jones contacted Isay about
      another project. They wanted to cover the story of Eric Morse, a
      five-year-old boy who was thrown from a fourteenth story apart-
      ment in the project by two boys, ages ten and eleven. An entire
      hour was devoted to their presentation on NPR's All Things
      Considered. Altogether, Isay produced six hundred pages of tran-
      script from Jones's and Newman's recordings. Isay worked with
      both young men in preparing the manuscript of Our America,
      which includes "Life 1993," taken from the transcripts resulting
      from "Ghetto Life 101"; "Death 1995," taken from the transcripts
      from "Remorse: The 14 Stories of Eric Morse"; and "Life 1996," a
      follow-up on how Jones and Newman have done and where they
      are heading, how their families are doing, and what changes have
      taken place in the Ida B. Wells projects. Jones finished high school
      and went on to attend Florida State University. At the time the
      book was being completed, Newman had a year of high school
      left. Jones provides the concluding chapter to the book in which
      he describes two Americas.       In the African American's America,
      children
                  make day-to-day decisions about whether to go
                  to school or to go on the corner and sell drugs.
                  As children, they know that there may not be a
                  tomorrow.   Why are African-American children
                  faced with this dilemma at such an early age?
                             The Bibliography                              23%,


                     Why must they look down the road to a future
                     that they might never see? ... I live in a com-
                     munity that waves a white flag because we have
                     almost given up. I live in a community where on
                     the walls are the names of fallen comrades of
                     war. I live in a second America. I live here not
                     because I chose to, but because I have to. ... This
                     is LeAlan Jones on November 19, 1996.      I hope I
                     survive. I hope I survive.      I hope I survive.
                     Signing off. Peace.                  (pp. 199-200)

316. Jones, Richard       O. (1946- ). When Mama’s          Gone: A True and
     Inspiring Story of a Single Father overcoming All Odds to Become a
     Positive Role Model. Los Angeles, California: Milligan Books,
     1998. 274 pages. ISBN: 1881524167.
        Abstract: Richard Jones was raised in an abusive household, mak-
        ing money from a paper route to help his family get by. As an
        adult, he had a hard time holding on to a job, and it was just after
        he was fired from a bank that he met his wife. They had a turbu-
        lent marriage, with Jones making a living on ingenious scams of
        all kinds.     When his wife died in a car accident, he was left with
        four daughters to raise. He sent them to live with his mother and
        sisters and their families in Mississippi, while he continued to con-
        duct scams, alone and with his female friends. It was not until the
        girls were in their teens and twenties that Jones began to give up
        his life of crime and was able to bring all of his children back to
        Los Angeles to live together. He began to write columns for LA
        newspapers and wrote a book describing his criminal activities
        entitled Tips Against Crime, Written From Prison. Jones was conse-
        quently featured on television programs that reenacted some of
        his scams, and he made an appearance on the Oprah Winfrey Show.
        He became involved in a writer's group, and has published sever-
        al volumes of poetry.

317. Jones, Star. You Have to Stand for Something, or You'll Fall for
     Anything. Written with Daniel Paisner. New York, New York:
     Bantam Books, 1998.       235 pages.     ISBN: 0553108549 :
     0553580345.
        Abstract: Jones, a lawyer turned TV personality, writes about her
        life and her philosophy of life. She describes her childhood,
        enfolded in the bosom of enormous extended families on both
        sides. She writes about how she wanted to become a lawyer as a
        child, and managed to achieve this dream with the support of her
238        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


        mother and the rest of her family. Jones talks about her Christian
        faith and what it means to her. She recounts her early years in the
        district attorney's office and describes some of the moral decisions
        she had to make in court cases. After several years practicing law,
        Jones was recruited to provide commentary for Court TV when it
        first began.   Eventually   she was   noticed   by James   Blue, who
        worked for the NBC Today Show. NBC News quickly hired her as
        its legal correspondent. She is now featured on The View along
        with Barbara Walters. Jones presents her views on many aspects
        of life, including race, religion, sex, the role of women, personal
        appearance and grooming, and social responsibility in journalism,
        politics and law.

318. Jones, Syl (1951- ). Rescuing Little Roundhead: A Childhood in
      Stories.  Minneapolis, Minnesota:        Milkweed     Editions,   1996.
      202 pages. ISBN: 1571312153.
        Abstract: Writer Syl Jones, or Little Roundhead as he refers to
        himself in this book, was born in Cincinnati, Ohio in 1951. He uses
        anecdotes from his childhood to tell his story. Many are sad, but
        he intersperses them with the humorous observations of a child.
        Jones was doted on by his mother and grandparents, but raised
        strictly by his father. The entire extended family lived together for
        a number of years before his parents bought their own home in a
        different part of the city. Their new home was infested with rats
        and cockroaches, which were immune to poison, and the neigh-
        borhood was full of colorful and dangerous characters whom
         Jones describes in humorous detail. Little Roundhead did well in
         school, and he was blessed with many teachers who did their best
         to encourage him and offer him opportunities for enrichment. At
         age eight, Jones was sexually molested, and the experience caused
         permanent damage to his relationship with his father, who blamed
         him for the attack. To make matters worse, everyone knew what
         happened and it gave him a bad reputation as a sissy and a tattler.
         At the end of junior high school, Jones was accepted into Auburn
         Hills High School, an elite public school in Cincinnati. For the first
         time he had friends who thought like him, and he thrived in the
         competitive but eclectic and creative atmosphere. Jones had sold
         newspapers for years and years, and at age fifteen, he finally
         decided that he could write better than the reporters. He submit-
         ted samples of his work from the school newspaper to the editor
         of the Call and Post. The editor was impressed and sent him out to
         cover a college basketball game for the paper. His story was
         accepted for publication, and he was paid twenty-five dollars. In
         the ensuing years, Jones continued to write for the newspaper, and
                         The Bibliography                                239


        his work helped to finance his college education and to get him
        started in his writing career.

319. Jordan, June.   Soldier: A Poet’s Childhood.   New York, New York:
     Basic Civitas Books, 2000.       261 pages.      ISBN: 0465036813         :
     0465036821.
        Abstract: Writer June Jordan's father expected and wanted a boy.
        He raised his daughter to be a man, teaching her to defend herself,
        fish, do carpentry and plumbing, withstand harsh conditions and
        a certain amount of brutality, and above all, to excel in academics.
        Jordan was reading Shakespeare, Dunbar, McKay, Zane Grey, and
        other writers at the age of six. She was able to read anything, but
        her comprehension level was low. She was, however, required to
        memorize and explicate her reading for her father, and if she did-
        n't understand something, she was sent back to her room to work
        on it some more. Some of the daughter-father camaraderie that
        came with being "the boy" in the family was positive. Jordan
        recalls the exciting annual event of putting up the clothes line,
        which required her to lean out of an upper story window to check
        the operations. But she also had to watch her father pour boiling
        water on squalling cats, go deep-sea fishing, which she hated, and
        prepare for his sneak attacks. Although Jordan's mother did not
        support her husband's desire to make a man out of their daughter,
        she suffered her own share of abuse, and had very little opportu-
        nity to influence Jordan's upbringing. Jordan's unusual childhood
        perhaps contributed to her developing a wild temper. Her love of
        Zane Grey made her fanatical about the wild West, and she recalls
        wanting a gun more than anything. She also developed an intense
        love of words.   In the memoir, Jordan, an accomplished       writer
        with more than ten volumes of poetry as well as plays, children's
        books, and political essays to her credit, expresses her memories in
        both prose and poetry.

320. Jordan, Michael. For the Love of the Game: My Story. Edited by
    Mark Vancil.     New York, New York: Crown Publishers, 1998.
    156 pages. ISBN: 0609602063.
        Notes: Also published in a two volume edition: New York: Crown
       Publishers, 1998. ISBN: 0609602063 (160 pages); and in paperback
       New York: Crown Publishers, 1998. ISBN: 1892866064 (112 pages).

       Abstract: Michael Jordan tells the story of his professional bas-
       ketball career as a member of the Chicago Bulls from 1984 until he
       retired for the second time at the end of the 1997-1998 season.
       During those thirteen seasons, Jordan's team won the NBA cham-
240        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


         pionship six times.    Jordan himself was named Most Valuable
         Player during each of the championship finals.         In addition to
         telling his story as a professional basketball player, Jordan com-
         ments on his time on the University of North Carolina team which
         won a collegiate national championship, his participation on two
         U.S. Olympic Gold Medal teams (known as the Dream Teams), his
         brief career as a professional baseball player during his first retire-
         ment, his gambling habit, his lucrative contract with the Nike shoe
         company, and his close relationship with his father, which ended
         with his father's murder. Jordan claims that, unlike many of his
         contemporaries, his career was driven by "the love of the game"
         and not by a desire for money or celebrity status.

321. Joseph-Gaudet, Frances (1861-1934).           “He Leadeth Me.”      Intro-
      duction by Chanta M. Haywood.             African American Women
      Writers   1910-1940.     New    York, New      York:   G. K. Hall and
      Company, 1996. 144 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0816116296.
         Notes: Originally published 1913.
         Abstract: Frances Joseph-Gaudet's work begins with letters and
         excerpts from newspaper stories attesting to her work with pris-
         oners, especially incarcerated juveniles. Joseph-Gaudet felt spiri-
         tually called to go into New Orleans prisons to spread the
         Christian faith, preaching and singing hymns to save both the con-
         demned and those who would return to the world outside the
         prisons. Joseph-Gaudet also sought to improve conditions for
         women,   who were often the victims of male prison guards, and
         she begged clothing on the street for prisoners who were in need.
         For those who convinced her of their innocence, she collected evi-
         dence, taking it to court to aid in their defense. She sought releas-
         es for the old and sickly, sometimes finding them shelter outside
         the prison and other times finding them transportation to return
         to their homes outside New Orleans. Joseph-Gaudet had particu-
         lar concern for African-American prisoners and children and was
         instrumental in founding the Colored Industrial School for home-
         less children.   However,   she worked    for anyone in need, rarely
         receiving any compensation for her efforts. Remarkably, Joseph-
         Gaudet had the respect of the white mayors of New Orleans,
         police chiefs, sheriffs, and other officials with whom she worked,
         and sometimes fought, to change conditions and to aid those in
         need. This was in the years following reconstruction during a
         time when laws became more restrictive for African Americans,
         and many doors as well as minds were tightly closed. As a dele-
         gate of the Women's Christian Temperance Union, Joseph-Gaudet
                           The Bibliography                                    241


        traveled    to Scotland,   Ireland,   London,   and   France   where   she
        spoke and preached. This edition of her memoir is accompanied
        by an extensive historical introduction.

322. Joyner-Kersee, Jacqueline. A Kind of Grace: The Autobiography of
     the World's Greatest Female Athlete. Written with Sonja Steptoe.
    New York, New York: Warner Books, 1997.                   310 pages; photo-
    graphs. ISBN: 0446522481.
        Abstract: Jackie Joyner-Kersee, an African American, was born in
        1962. She lived with her mother and father, two sisters and broth-
       er in East St. Louis, Illinois. The construction of the Mary E.
       Brown Community Center down the street from her home was a
       life-changing event for her. She took advantage of everything the
       center had to offer and usually spent her entire day there. It was
       at the center that Joyner-Kersee was introduced first to dance and
       then basketball and track. In school, she became an athletic cheer-
       leader and learned a variety of jumps, such as jumping up in the
       air, touching her toes, and landing in a splits position. These gave
       her the strong legs and stamina that helped her on her way to
       becoming a champion heptathlete and long-jumper. A well-
       known athlete by the time she graduated from high school,
       Joyner-Kersee was recruited by many colleges. After careful con-
       sideration and refusal of all bribes offered, Joyner-Kersee chose
        UCLA.      There she excelled academically and athletically, playing
       basketball and running track. Her two areas of competition were
       the heptathlon and long jump. It was also at UCLA that she met
       her coach and husband-to-be, Bobby Kersee.          Joyner-Kersee
       describes the major competitions in her life, including her first
       Olympics in 1984, at which she won the silver medal for the hep-
       tathlon event. In the 1988 Olympics she won gold medals for both
       the long jump and the heptathlon. After this spectacular perform-
       ance, however, she was suspected of taking steroids. For months
       after, she was questioned and tested over and over. Since her
       childhood     in inner-city East St. Louis, Joyner-Kersee has had a
       strong aversion to drugs of any kind, and no test she took ever
       showed any signs of steroids. In 1992, Joyner-Kersee again won
       the gold medal in the heptathlon and the bronze medal in the long
       jump. In her farewell Olympics in 1996, Joyner-Kersee won the
       bronze medal in the long jump after having to withdraw from the
       heptathlon because of injuries.
242         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



323. Kamdar, Mira. Motiba’s Tattoos: A Granddaughter’s Journey into
     Her Indian Family's Past. New York, New York: Public Affairs,
      2000. 289 pages; photographs; Gujarati and Hindi glossaries.
      ISBN: 1891620584.
        Notes: Published in paperback New York: Plume, 2001.           ISBN:
        0452282691.
         Abstract: Mira Kamdar is the daughter of an East Indian man and
         white American woman.      In this book, she talks about the life of
         the Indian side of her family, beginning with her great-grandfa-
         ther.   Her grandmother, Motiba, was raised in Rangoon, Burma,
         where her father had a successful business. Motiba was married
         to a man, a Jain, who had decided that he would follow Gandhi.
         He finally gave up his desire to be a celibate disciple of the
         Mohatma at the urging of his family and by Gandhi himself. The
         couple eventually went back to Burma, where Kamdar's grandfa-
         ther, Bapuji, also had a successful business. The family fled when
         Burma was invaded by Japan in 1942, but Bapuji continued to go
         back and forth. In 1962, however, a military coup in Burma ended
         in the banishment of all Indians and the confiscation of all of their
         assets in the country. Kamdar's father finished high school in
         Bombay and went to the United States to study at a time when
         most Indians still aspired to study in England. While a graduate
         student at Oregon State College, he met Kamdar's mother, a girl
         from an Oregon farm. When Kamdar and her sister were children,
         they and their mother spent extended periods of time in Bombay
         with their grandparents, where they became familiar with Indian
         culture. Her mother learned how to cook the vegetarian dishes
         that her husband had been raised on, and they comprised the fam-
         ily's main diet upon their return to the United States. Kamdar dis-
         cusses both the difficulties and benefits of being from a bicultural
         family during the 1960s and points out how different the situation
         is now for children of immigrants from Asia. As an adult, she
         went back to India and to Rangoon to trace the history of her fam-
         ily and to better understand her father and his parents.

324. Kanafani, Fay Afaf.      Nadia Captive of Hope: Memoir of an Arab
      Woman. Armonk, New York: M. E. Sharpe, 1999.                346 pages;
      photographs. ISBN: 076560311X : 0765603128.
         Abstract:    Kanafani was born in 1918 in Lebanon during the
         French mandate.    After she married, she moved in with her hus-
         band's family in Palestine, where she stayed until the war, caused
         by the creation of the Israeli state, made it too dangerous to remain
         there. She and her in-laws returned to Lebanon. This respite from
                         The Bibliography                                243


       war soon ended when Lebanon's strife with Israel began, and var-
       ious warring religious factions took over. Kanafani provides the
       reader with the Arab perspective on the changes that occurred as
       Jewish settlers arrived from Europe, and Palestine was gradually
       transformed into Israel. More personally, Kanafani focuses on the
       traditional treatment of women    in her culture, and particularly its
       effect on her own life. She was abused both physically and emo-
       tionally by her father. She was angry with her mother for not
       intervening, but she later experienced her own sense of power-
       lessness as her first husband abused their children. Mothers did
       not have legal custody of their children, and thus, after the death
       of her first husband, Kanafani struggled to pursue an education,
       career, and independence and still maintain her tenuous ties with
       her three children. Because of her resistance to the status quo for
       women    in her culture, Kanafani was viewed as irrationally rebel-
       lious by the other women in her family and the few female friends
       she mentions.   Kanafani settled in the United States in 1985, and
       her story ends with the death of her second husband. An after-
       word by the editor describes Kanafani's current activities in San
       Francisco, where she eventually settled.

325. Kang, K. Connie. Home Was the Land of Morning Calm: A Saga
     of a Korean-American Family.     Reading, Massachusetts:
     Addison-Wesley Publishing Company, 1995. 307 pages; pho-
     tographs. ISBN: 0201626845.
       Abstract: Journalist Connie Kang tells the story of her family. Her
       parents were young children when the Japanese first occupied
       Korea, and both were forced to learn Japanese and follow Japanese
       customs. Kang gives a vivid account of the international diplo-
       matic games played at Korea's and the Koreans' expense.
       Following World War II and the liberation from Japan, Kang's
       father left for a special assignment in the United States. This trip,
       which was meant to last four months, turned into an absence of
       several years. While he was in the United States, the Korean War
       broke out, and Kang, her mother, grandmother, and uncle's fami-
       ly were among the flood of refugees escaping from the North to
       the South. They ended up in Pusan. Her father made his way to
       Tokyo, and Kang and her mother eventually escaped to Japan.
       Initially arrested for entering the country illegally, the two were
       finally reunited with Kang's father and settled in Tokyo and then
       Okinawa. Following high school, Kang traveled to the United
       States to attend college at the University of Missouri. Upon grad-
       uation, she pursued graduate work at Northwestern University
       and received an internship with a Rochester, New York, newspa-
244       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        per. Kang left the newspaper to pursue a doctoral degree, but real-
        izing that her heart was not in her studies, returned to South
        Korea, where her parents now lived, to work. Although happy to
        be back, Kang discovered that she no longer met all of her parents
        expectations and had been influenced enough by her stay in the
        United States to no longer fit in comfortably. She returned to the
        United States with her American husband, but believed that she
        was shirking her responsibility to her family. Eventually, she
        divorced her husband, began pursuing a journalism career in San
        Francisco, and was joined there by her brother and parents. Kang
        describes her desire to be independent, but also to take responsi-
        bility for her parents. Kang never severed her emotional ties to
        Korea, but after a lengthy assignment there for the San Francisco
        Examiner, she was ready to say that the United States was her
        home. Kang now lives in Los Angeles where she writes about
        Asians, Koreans in particular, from an Asian and Korean point of
        view.

326. Keckley, Elizabeth (1818-1907). Behind the Scenes, or, Thirty
     Years a Slave and Four Years in the White House. Edited by
     Frances Smith Foster. The Lakeside Classics, 96. Chicago,
     Illinois: R. R. Donnelley & Sons, 1998. 319 pages. ISBN: none.
        Notes:    Originally published New York: G. W. Carleton &
        Company, 1868 (371 pages). Also published Urbana, Illinois:
        University of Illinois Press, 2000. ISBN: 0252070208.

327. Kenny, Maurice. Backward to Forward: Prose Pieces. Fredonia,
      New York: White Pine Press, 1997.      170 pages.     ISBN:
      1877727695.
        Abstract: The majority of the essays in this collection are histori-
        cal in nature, however, the final three are autobiographical.     In
        "Waiting at the Edge," Kenny describes himself as a word hunter.
        He writes that he has "hunted not only words and images,
        metaphors, but, to my mother's relish, also song" (p. 125). Kenny
        is a Mohawk Indian who grew up in the foothills of the
        Adirondacks. His father, an accomplished hunter, passed on to
        Kenny a love and respect for nature and wildlife. Although
        Kenny's father never traveled far from home, he imagined the
        beauty of other places. Kenny himself has traveled widely, and
        this has led him to contemplate the meaning of place and home.
        While invoking all that he considers elements of home, Kenny also
        laments the toll that agricultural chemicals and acid rain have
        taken on humanity,    especially   farm workers,   and   the natural
                          The Bibliography                               245



        world. In other essays, Kenny relives the trials and fortunes of the
        touring poet. He also recalls his decision to leave the amenities of
        city life and return to the simpler, more natural setting of northern
        New York.

328. Kidd, Mae Street. Passing for Black: The Life and Careers of Mae
     Street Kidd.    Lexington, Kentucky: University Press of
    Kentucky, 1997. 193 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0813119960.
        Abstract:   Mae Street Kidd was born in Millersburg, Kentucky, in
        1904.   She and her brother and sister all shared the same white
        father, although they never met him.    Nearly six feet tall, blonde,
        and light-skinned, Kidd never attempted to pass for white. She
        writes that if she had tried to live as a white person she would
        have been rejecting her mother, something she never could have
        done. Growing up in the South, Kidd lived by the rules of segre-
        gation, but refused to be defined by those rules or by the society's
        expectations for whites and blacks. She began her professional
        career at age eighteen when she began selling insurance for the
        black-owned insurance company Mammoth. Kidd met her first
        husband at Mammoth, and they married in 1930. In 1937, her
        husband bought a house in his name only. Kidd gave him two
        weeks to put her name on the deed "and if you don't, not only will
        I not live in that house with you, but I'll not live with you any-
        where" (p. 73).   When her husband died in 1942, she decided to
        pursue an opportunity with the American Red Cross. She trained
        in Washington, D.C., obtained the rank of captain, and was sta-
        tioned in England, where she served as assistant director of a Red
        Cross service club for black soldiers. Following her tour of duty,
        Kidd found that she was not ready to pick up her old life in
       Louisville, and so she worked briefly in Portland, Maine with the
       United Seaman's Service. While there, she developed public rela-
       tions skills which she took back with her to the Mammoth
       Insurance Company. Kidd persuaded the company to allow her to
       pioneer a public relations office, which she managed for eighteen
       years. In 1968, Kidd was persuaded to run for the Kentucky leg-
       islature. During her twelve-year political career, she sponsored a
       bill that established a housing corporation to provide mortgage
       loans to low-income people and another that provided for the
       screening and prevention of lead poisoning.         Kidd was also
       responsible for organizing the first Urban League Guild outside of
       New York. She is proud of her life-long independence and exten-
       sive professional life and considers herself to be a role model for
       young    women.
246        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



329. Kilby, James M. The Forever Fight. Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania:
     Dorrance Publishing Company, 1998. 55 pages; photographs.
     ISBN: 0805941703.
        Abstract: James Kilby was one of nineteen students to desegre-
        gate Front Royal, Virginia's Warren County High School in 1959.
        Although he started high school at out-of-town institutions that
        would take African Americans, when it came time for his sister to
        enter high school, his father decided that young girls should be
         allowed to stay in town.     He filed a suit against the county
         demanding that his children be allowed to attend the local whites-
         only high school. As a result, James Kilby was one of the first two
         African-American students to graduate from Warren County High
         School in 1961, an accomplishment of which he is proud. The
         accomplishment however came with a high price—daily abuse at
         school and nightly visits at home intended to terrorize the family.
         Following graduation, Kilby's parents spirited him out of Front
         Royal to Washington, D.C., because he had been convicted of
         throwing rocks at white boys and received a one-year suspended
         sentence. In Washington, D.C., Kilby applied for work with the
         CIA and was assigned to work as a messenger at the White House.
         In the early 1990s, Kilby began TEAR (Treat Every American
         Right), an award to recognize people who did the right thing with
         no thought of how they could benefit from it. His first TEAR
         award went to Frank Wells, the security guard who discovered the
         Watergate burglars in the Nixon-era scandal.            When Kilby
         returned to live in Front Royal, thirty-four years after leaving, he
         was disappointed to see that not much had changed from his
         youth. There were racial slurs spray-painted on the walls of the
         high school, Klan literature was being distributed, and the black
         section of town had been abandoned. "I have concluded that
         changing racial attitudes and behaviors will continue to be an
         uphill battle—a forever fight. ... Maybe that's why I try to speak
         out; I like to see people treated well. I'm not a trouble maker or a
         revolutionary, just somebody who cares" (p. 54). Kilby was
         awarded the Dallas G. Pace, Sr. Humanitarian Award from the
         Anne Arundel County Human Relations Commission of
         Annapolis, Maryland.

330. Kilgore, Thomas (1913-1998). A Servant’s Journey: The Life and
      Work of Thomas Kilgore. Written with Jini Kilgore Ross. Valley
      Forge, Pennsylvania: Judson Press, 1998. 253 pages; photo-
      graphs; index; sermons; speeches. ISBN: 0817012974.
         Abstract:   Rev. Thomas Kilgore was born in South Carolina in
                         The Bibliography                              247



        1913. His parents were tenant farmers who had a rare opportuni-
        ty to farm 150 acres of leased land with a fair contract. They were
        successful farmers until the bottom fell out of the cotton market.
        The family was forced to leave the farm and eventually settled in
        Brevard, North Carolina. Following graduation from high school,
        Kilgore worked for fifteen months as a butler in order to earn his
        tuition, room, and board to Morehouse College. Trained for the
        ministry, Kilgore first served his home congregation in Brevard
        and then moved to Winston-Salem, North Carolina, with his wife
        Jeannetta. While in North Carolina, Kilgore was active in the com-
        munity. His church ran a voter registration school in 1942, and he
        personally escorted the graduates to the government office to see
        that they were successfully registered. Kilgore and family moved
        to Harlem, where he served a church for fifteen years. In New
        York, he was also director of the New York Southern Christian
       Leadership office and active in the NAACP and YMCA. In 1963,
       Kilgore became pastor of the Second Baptist Church in Los
       Angeles. He continued to be active in community and in global
       outreach programs. Kilgore was responsible for founding the
       Gathering, a religious interracial and ecumenical movement to
       deal with social problems in the Los Angeles Area. He also
       devised the Black Agenda, which focused on economic develop-
       ment and housing issues for the black community. Kilgore was
       elected president of the American Baptist Convention for
       1969-1970. He was the first African American to be so named. He
       was considered a militant, but he referred to himself as a militant
       of love. Kilgore and his wife retired in 1986. A selection of
       his speeches, sermons, and writings are included in this publica-
       tion.

331. Kim, Dora Yum. Doing What Had to Be Done: The Life Narrative
     of Dora Yum Kim.   Written with Soo-Young Chin. Asian
     American History & Culture.    Philadelphia, Pennsylvania:
    Temple University Press, 1999. 229 pages; photographs. ISBN:
    156639693x : 1566396948.
       Abstract:   Dora Yum Kim was born in Manteca, California, in 1921
       during a time when United States and California law did not
       allow Asian immigration, and neither foreign nationals nor their
       U.S.-born children were allowed to own land. Soon after her birth,
       her family moved to Chinatown in San Francisco, the only part of
       the city in which they were allowed to rent. They operated a vari-
       ety of businesses, including a cigar stand, a restaurant and pool
       hall, and a grocery. Later they owned rental property, purchased
       in their lawyer's name. Despite the small number of Koreans in
248       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



       the area, her parents maintained most of the traditions of their
       native country. Kim writes about the Korean manner of arranging
       marriages. Her father told her mother that he would kill Kim if
       she married outside the Korean culture, and then he would kill
       himself. Thus, Kim never considered marrying anyone who was
       not Korean. She notes that none of her children or grandchildren
       have felt a need to do so. Her mother encouraged her to go into a
       profession, so Kim became a real estate agent. The San Francisco
       Real Estate Board, however, refused to let her join, despite the fact
       that she had passed the required test and received her license. She
       tried nursing, but it was not to her liking. She eventually found
       her way into social work and was employed by the State
       Department of Employment to act as a liaison for newly arrived
       immigrants. While working for the state in what she felt was
       essentially a dead-end position, she cofounded the Korean
       Community Service Center and received grant money to start a
       hot meal program. After retiring from her state position, Kim
       worked full time at the Community Center, focusing her efforts on
       the Senior Meals program. She arranged for a Korean cook and
       justified food items such as kimchi to the state nutritionist.
       Through her work, Kim became aware of the differences in the
       various waves of Korean immigrants and concerned that their sto-
       ries were being recorded and interpreted without sufficient input
       from the subjects themselves.    Kim was designated a Living
       Treasure by the California Assembly for lifetime achievements in
       the Asian-American Community and received a Certificate of
       Honor from the San Francisco Board of Supervisors for public
        service.   Soo-Young Chin, a native of Seoul, Korea, who attended
        school in the United States, met Kim while she was working at the
        Korean Community Service Center.      Chin spent five years inter-
        viewing Kim and writing her narrative. Chin weaves in her own
        observations, and compares her life story as an immigrant to that
        of Kim's life as a native-born Californian.

332. Kim, Elizabeth. Ten Thousand Sorrows: The Extraordinary Journey
     of a Korean War Orphan. New York, New York: Doubleday, 2000.
     228 pages. ISBN: 0385496338.
        Abstract: Kim was born to a Korean woman and an American GI
        in Korea during the Korean War. After her father returned to the
        United States, her mother went back to her rural village, where the
        family rejected her and eventually killed her because she refused
        to sell her multiracial daughter into servitude. Kim's life was
        spared due to the intervention of an aunt, and she was placed ina
        Christian orphanage.    Kim was never given a birth date, and no
                          The Bibliography                                  249


       record remained of the identities of her mother and father. She
       was adopted by a Christian missionary couple from the Los
       Angeles area. They were very strict with Kim, demanding that she
       do the housekeeping, play piano, and proselytize other children.
       They gave her very little affection in return. Kim learned to speak
       English and follow the instructions of her parents, but their end-
       less restrictions meant that she never fit in with her peer group
       and had almost no friends.      Longing for affection and love, she
       allowed herself to be coerced into marriage directly out of high
       school to a young man of her parents choosing. Unfortunately, her
       husband was controlling and severely abusive.        The need to pro-
       tect her daughter from becoming either a victim of or witness to
       abuse finally motivated Kim to leave. She describes her first taste
       of freedom living alone with her daughter, her continued emo-
       tional struggles, her string of unhealthy relationships with men,
       the repair of her ties with her mother and father, her work as a
       reporter, and the development of her daughter into a healthy and
       happy young woman.

333. Kim, Richard E. (1932- ). Lost Names: Scenes From a Korean
    Boyhood. Berkeley, California: University of California Press,
    1998. 198 pages. ISBN: 0520214242.
       Notes:      Originally published   London:   Deutsch,   1970.    ISBN:
       0233963049; New York: Universe Books, 1988. ISBN: 0876636784.

334. Kincaid, Jamaica. My Brother. New York, New York: Farrar,
     Straus, and Giroux, 1997. 197 pages. ISBN: 0374216819.
       Notes: Published in paperback Noonday Press, 1998.               ISBN:
       0374525625.
       Abstract:     American   writer Jamaica   Kincaid   writes   about   her
       brother who died of AIDS at age thirty-three in their native
       Antigua. The story serves as the backdrop for an in-depth look at
       the relationship of the author with her family, especially her moth-
       er, father, and brother, and her struggles with her feelings for them
       in adulthood after her devastating childhood.          Her life was
       changed when her brother was born. His arrival into the family
       meant that her father could no longer support them and resulted
       in her being sent away at the age of sixteen to earn money for the
       family. Kincaid gives a vivid, lyrical description of life and depri-
       vation on the West Indies island. She also explores the attitudes of
       Antiguans to life in general and AIDS in particular.
250        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



335. King, B. B. Blues All around Me: The Autobiography of B. B. King.
      Written with David Ritz.      New York, New York: Avon, 1996.
      336 pages; photographs; discography.           ISBN: 0380973189          :
      0380787814.
         Notes: Also published New York: Spike, 1999. ISBN: 0380807602.
         Abstract: Blues singer B. B. King was born Riley B. King. His par-
         ents were separated and his mother died when he was still young.
         He lived off and on with his father, working on farms, driving
         tractors and picking cotton. He was married at seventeen and
         joined the army at eighteen, in 1943. After basic training, farm
         workers were called back home to work at farming, so-called
         "vital jobs," and he took the opportunity to go back to his wife.
         Anxious to get out of sharecropping, however, he left the farm in
         the Mississippi Delta region to go to Memphis, Tennessee, with
         one eye towards a career in music. During the 1940s, B. B. King
         developed his blues style, influenced by many other musicians.
         His first job was hosting a ten-minute radio show during which he
         sang, talked, and played a jingle he wrote for a tonic drink. This
         led to appearances at a night spot and then to more jobs. He even-
         tually began recording at Sun Records. In the ensuing years, King
         had his own band that traveled with him.       Despite his success,
         King had trouble managing his finances and schedules and was
         constantly in trouble over taxes with the IRS. He also found it dif-
         ficult to move ahead in his career. In 1968, he was introduced to
         Sid Seidenberg, an accountant who agreed to manage his career.
         Seidenberg straightened out King's accounts, got his taxes in
         order, and began scheduling him to play in more prominent ven-
         ues, bringing him to the attention of a broader and whiter audi-
         ence. King began recording with large record companies, and in
         1970 he released his most popular hit, "The Thrill is Gone."
         Eventually, he reached international prominence, performing in
         countries around the world and selling as many records abroad as
         in the United States. Although he has over forty albums to his
         name, he has always made his main living from live appearances,
         and he still routinely performs over three hundred days a year. He
         credits his father, who claimed that a man could never work too
         much, with his dedication to and love of his work. Along with
         describing his career, adventures, musical influences, and his gui-
         tar, which he calls "Lucille," King also talks about his other pas-
         sions in life, women and sex. He has had two brief matriages, fif-
         teen children by fifteen different women, and incalculable num-
         bers of other lovers everywhere he performs.
                         The Bibliography                                 251


336. King, Martin Luther, Jr. The Autobiography of Martin Luther
     King, Jr. Edited by Clayborne Carson. New York, New York:
     Intellectual Properties Management, 1998. 400 pages; photo-
    graphs. ISBN: 0446524123.
       Notes:     Also   published   New    York:   Intellectual   Properties
       Management/ Warner Books, 2001. ISBN: 0446676500.
       Abstract: Although Martin Luther King, Jr. never wrote a com-
       prehensive autobiography, many of his writings included autobi-
       ographical material. Editor Clayborne Carson is director of the
       King Papers Project. To construct this autobiography, he incorpo-
       rated hundreds of documents and recordings. He used material
       from the following works by King: Stride Toward Freedom: The
       Montgomery Story (1958); Why We Can't Wait (1964); Where Do We
       Go from Here: Chaos or Community? (1967); and numerous articles,
       speeches, sermons, public statements, interviews, letters, and
       other documents. The autobiography traces King's spiritual and
       political journey. Becoming a minister was almost inevitable in
       King's family; his father, grandfather, great grandfather, and
       brother were all ministers. His family was politically active as
       well, and his parents attempted to prepare their children for the
       realities of segregation. King's mother told him to "feel a sense of
       'somebodiness' . . ." even though they would "face a system that
       stared [them] in the face every day saying you are ‘less than' you
       are 'not equal to" (p. 3). King, Sr. was the president of the Atlanta,
       Georgia, branch of the NAACP. He played a role in equalizing
       teacher salaries in Atlanta and doing away with Jim Crow eleva-
       tors in the courthouse. King, Sr. also refused to take the segregat-
       ed city buses. King had his first experience of life without Jim
       Crow during a summer working in Connecticut. This, combined
       with his family's activism, his religious faith, and his boyhood
       experiences with racism, led him to his leadership role in the Civil
       Rights Movement. King entered Morehouse College at fifteen. He
       read Henry David Thoreau's "On Civil Disobedience," and began
       formulating his ideas about nonviolent resistance. After gradua-
       tion, he attended Crozer Seminary in Pennsylvania.      There, under
       the influence of Walter Rauschenbusch's Christianity and the Social
       Crisis, and with an introduction to Karl Marx and Gandhi, King
       began his "serious quest to eliminate evil" (p. 17). Following
       Crozer Seminary, King attended the Boston University School of
       Theology. His mentors at Boston were Edgar S. Brightman and L.
       Harold DeWolf. The autobiography covers all of the well known
       events in King's life: the Montgomery Bus Boycott, receiving the
       Nobel Peace Prize, leadership in the Selma to Montgomery March
phe92        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



           in pursuit of voting rights, the Poor People's Campaign, protest of
           the Vietnam War, and his jail sentences. The work also sheds light
           on the crumbling of the nonviolent resistance movement with the
           growing prominence of the competing philosophies of Malcolm X
           and Stokely Carmichael and the Black Power movement. The
           work ends with the complete text of King's final speech on April
           3, 1968, given in Memphis in support of the sanitation workers'
           strike, the day before his assassination.

337. King, Robert H. (1922- ). Pastor Jenkins Said, “Hang on to
        Matthew 6:33": Autobiography of Robert H. King, Ph.D. St. Louis,
        Missouri: Concordia Publishing House, 1999. 190 pages; pho-
        tographs. ISBN: 0570053943.
           Abstract: King was born in 1922 in Sunny South, Alabama. There
           were no public schools for black children in the area in which King
           and his family lived. He attended a Baptist-sponsored school sev-
           eral miles from home for one year until it closed, and then anoth-
           er school twelve miles away until the family car broke down.
           After a year with no school options, King began attending a
           Lutheran school in Selma, Alabama.      He graduated with much
           financial difficulty, having already decided that he wanted to be a
           pastor. When he was drafted into the army in 1942, he asked that
           he not be put into a combat situation, and so was assigned to the
           medical corps. After leaving the army, King attended Immanuel
           Lutheran College and Seminary in Greensboro, North Carolina.
           He was sent to churches in Chicago and Youngstown, Ohio, for his
           internship training. At Peace Lutheran Church in Youngstown the
           membership consisted of five children and four adults. King later
           transferred to St. Phillips in Chicago, and pursued graduate work
           at Garrett Theological Seminary and Lutheran School of Theology.
           King describes obstacles and triumphs, his oldest daughter's seri-
           ous illness and recovery, his wife's teaching career and work with
           him in the church. Both he and his wife earned Ph.D.s from the
           University of Indiana. His work was in adult education and Jean
           King's degree was in counseling psychology. King taught at
           Concordia   College in River Falls, Illinois, and also at Lincoln
           University in Jefferson City, Missouri. Mrs. King taught at Lincoln
           University and at Drury College. While teaching at Lincoln, King
           also served as pastor at Pilgrim Lutheran Church. At the time of
           his retirement from Pilgrim, he had been appointed as second vice
           president of the Lutheran Church, Missouri Synod. The book con-
           cludes with a chapter by Mrs. King describing her own childhood,
           education, marriage, and career.
                          The Bibliography                                 253


338. Kingston, Maxine Hong. Hawai'i One Summer. A Latitude 20
     Book. Honolulu, Hawai'i: University of Hawai'i Press, 1998. 72
     pages; photographs. ISBN: 0824818873.
         Notes: Originally published San Francisco, California: Meadow
         Press, 1987. Designed and created by Leigh McClellan. 150 copies
         printed.
         Abstract: The much honored writer, Maxine Hong Kingston, pres-
         ents a collection of essays which originally appeared as Her, a
         series of columns in the New York Times during the 1970s.
         Kingston,   with her husband   and son, moved       to Hawai'i   from
         Berkeley in 1968 to "escape" the Vietnam War. They chose to live
         off of their savings for a period of time, making use of found
         objects and discarded grocery store food to avoid feeding the war
         economy. The first essay describes her mixed feelings when they
         gave up renting and bought their first home, with all the implica-
         tions of owning property. In another essay, Kingston describes her
         thoughts as she prepares to attend her twentieth high school
         reunion. In an essay on dishwashing, she contemplates its few
         pleasures and abundant displeasures. In her introduction she
         comments that she now enjoys dishwashing, although in her essay
         she is only able to acknowledge that washing dishes is a part of
         what makes up daily life. In writing about the third annual Asian
         American    Writers'   Conference,   held   in   Hawai'i,   Kingston
        describes the division among male and female Chinese-American
        writers and the need to protect one's own personal poetic rhythms
        when surrounded by the rhythms of others. In another essay,
        Kingston describes her fear and wonder at the surfing addiction of
        many of the young boys she teaches, including her own son. In
        noting that surfing is a silent endeavor, she encourages her son
        and students to put what they see and feel into words. And final-
        ly, she writes a tribute to poet Lew Welch, who disappeared dur-
        ing the spring of 1971.

339. Kitt, Eartha.   I’m Still Here: Confessions of a Sex Kitten.         New
     York, New York: Barricade Books, 1991.               280 pages; photo-
     graphs. ISBN: 094263733X : 0942637798.
        Notes: Originally published, 1989 as I’m Still Here and in 1991 as
        Confessions of a Sex Kitten.
        Abstract: Eartha Kitt, the popular singer, was born into the most
        impoverished of circumstances. Her earliest memory is of sleep-
        ing in a forest in the Deep South with her mother and baby sister.
        No one would take them in because she was of mixed (presum-
254       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


        ably white and black) parentage. When she was a small child, an
        aunt in New York cared for her and sent her to school for the first
        time. She went on to enter, but not complete, the New York School
        of Performing Arts. She ran away from her aunt, joined the
        Katherine Dunham Company, and began to sing and dance, tour-
        ing the world.   She became successful as a solo artist in Paris, but
        constantly struggled for recognition in her own country. Her
        career appeared to go into a free-fall for several years after she
        publicly challenged Lyndon and Lady Bird Johnson at an
        official luncheon. The book describes her friendships with many
        celebrities, such as James Dean, Harry Belafonte, and Sammy
        Davis, Jr; her many love affairs; the heads of state she has met in
        her trips abroad; and her work for equality for all minorities.
        She was married briefly to Bill McDonald and bore a daughter,
        Kitt. The story ends with Kitt's marriage and Eartha's complex
        feelings about a loss of intimacy in the only close family she has
        ever had.

340. Kiyama, Henry Yoshitaka.         The Four Immigrants Manga: A
     Japanese Experience in San Francisco, 1904-1924. Translated with
     an introduction and notes by Frederik L. Schodt. Berkeley,
     California: Stone Bridge Press, 1999. 152 pages; comic book.
     ISBN: 1880656337.
        Abstract: This book, originally published by the author and print-
        ed in Japan, was written in a combination of Japanese and English
        and entitled Manga Yonin Shosei (The Four Students Comic). In his
        introduction, which gives a background on Kiyama and on the sit-
        uation of Japanese immigrants of the same period, Schodt explains
        the importance of this work.
                 Tragically, there are relatively few books in
                 English of any sort on the first-generation
                 Japanese Americans, the issei. Part of this is due
                 to language problems, but it is due also to the
                 human disaster of World War II and the effects of
                 the incarceration of Japanese Americans in con-
                 centration camps. Many important documents
                 were destroyed and lost; the issei were demoral-
                 ized and confused; and the experience of the
                 camps . .. was so overwhelming that it has dom-
                 inated   subsequent   writing  on Japanese
                 Americans.     Yet the history of Japanese
                 Americans today cannot be fully understood
                 without understanding the issei and the experi-
                 ences of people like Henry Kiyama.
                                                      (Introduction)
                         The Bibliography                                255


        The book, which     is actually a comic book, includes historical
        events such as the San Francisco earthquake, racial discrimination,
        and exclusionary laws. It also describes experiences of Kiyama
        and his friends, some of whom held down jobs as "schoolboy" ser-
        vants, took art classes, lost money in investments, tried their hand
        at farming, and married Japanese women, so-called mail-order
        brides. Despite the tragic nature of much of the content, the book
        remains a comic book with a punch line at the end of each episode.

341. Kiyota, Minoru. Beyond Loyalty: The Story of a Kibei. Translated
     by Linda Klepinger Keenan. Honolulu, Hawai'i: University of
    Hawai'i Press, 1997. 252 pages; photographs; documents.
    ISBN: 0824818865 : 082481939x.
        Abstract: Kiyota writes, "The history of racist oppression and
        maltreatment is the backdrop to my own story as an American
        teenager of Japanese ancestry who was incarcerated in internment
        camps for four long years by his own government" (p. 66). During
        World War II, Kiyota, age nineteen, was evacuated with his moth-
       er to the Topaz Relocation Center in Utah. From the start, Kiyota
       was viewed with suspicion because of his four years of schooling
       in Japan. When he applied for release from Topaz to attend col-
       lege, he was interrogated by the FBI. He was called a "dirty Jap"
       and accused of being an agent for the Japanese. This attack
       cemented his bitterness at his imprisonment and treatment at the
       hands of his own country and influenced his decision to answer
       "no" to the infamous question 28 which asked whether he would
       declare his loyalty to the United States and renounce Japan: "I
       began to see the loyalty question as my only opportunity to take a
       stand against oppressive government authority" (p. 101). As a
       result, Kiyota was separated from his mother and sent to the Tule
       Lake Segregation Center for dangerous inmates. There he was
       intimidated and beaten by both the camp guards and by the vio-
       lent pro-Japanese groups within the camp. He was unable to eat,
       suffered from hives, and experienced nightmares. Under the
       extreme conditions of the camp, Kiyota renounced his citizenship
       when the United States government "offered" him this option. He
       later regretted this decision and tried unsuccessfully to revoke it.
       It was not until the Renunciation Act was declared null and void
       in the courts that Kiyota would regain his citizenship. In the mean-
       time, he was fortunate to find a community of Christian pacifist
       workers in the camp who took charge of nursing him to health and
       provided him with a community. When he was released in March
       of 1946, Kiyota attended College of the Ozarks in Arkansas. There
       he witnessed, for the first time, extreme Southern racism and seg-
256       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        regation. Again, his inability to conform made him a target for
        physical attack, and he left Arkansas to finish his studies at the
        University of California at Berkeley. Kiyota worked as a civilian
        with the United States Air Force in Japan and Korea during the
        Korean War. Following the war, he returned to Japan to fulfill his
        dream of studying both Western and Eastern philosophy. He com-
        pleted a master's degree and a Ph.D. before he returned to the
        United States to teach philosophy at the University of Wisconsin-
        Madison. Kiyota hopes to demonstrate through this book
                  how extreme and unreasonable government
                  demands designed to ensure the absolute and
                  unquestioning loyalty of citizens causes tremen-
                  dous anguish and suffering for many people. In
                  every nation, the individual is vulnerable to the
                  power of the state, and any government—demo-
                  cratic or otherwise—that would abrogate the
                  human rights of its own citizens is guilty of
                  oppression.                            (p. 248)

342. Kline, Johnny. Never Lose: From Globetrotter to Addict to Ph.D.:
     An Autobiography.     Detroit, Michigan: Papa Joe's Book
      Company, 1996. 295 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0965213099.
        Abstract: John Kline was raised by his mother and aunt in a hard-
        working family in Detroit, Michigan. He writes that "[F]amily val-
        ues, sense of community, trust and mutual support gave me a
        wonderful childhood" (p. 16). Successful in school, Kline was in
        student government and an avid athlete. He ran track and played
        softball and basketball. Kline attended Wayne State University
        beginning in 1950, one of the first African Americans to be admit-
        ted to that school. Kline was on the track and basketball teams.
        His commitments multiplied when he married in 1951. He held
        down two jobs to support his new family and help out his aunt
        and mother. By 1953, he had lost his athletic eligibility because of
        poor academic standing. Kline received no encouragement from
        his coaches, and he left the university. He began his professional
        basketball career with the Harlem Globetrotters that same year.
        Kline describes his five years and more than one thousand games
        with the team. While traveling throughout the United States and
        in many    countries around   the world, Kline experienced racism
        and had ample opportunity to become involved with women,
        drugs, and drinking. Kline left the Globetrotters in 1959, separat-
        ed from his wife, moved to New York to play with the Eastern Pro
        League, and became involved with the Nation of Islam. He
                          The Bibliography                               257


       describes attending a meeting to hear the Honorable Elijah
       Muhammad speak and admiring all of the "neat, clean, upright
       black men and women surging in the streets to do something pos-
        itive” (p. 112). He felt that the Nation of Islam, and especially the
       words of Malcolm X, provided him with a "tremendous opportu-
       nity to express his manhood" (p. 115). During the following
        decade, Kline struggled with heroine and cocaine addiction and
       turned to criminal activities to support his habit. He was arrested
       on a variety of charges and finally given a warning by a judge who
       felt that Kline still had something to offer the Detroit community.
       Kline cured himself of his addictions in 1969. In 1970 he was back
       in school, and living with his former wife and eight children.     He
       got work as a drug counselor in a methodone program and began
       working with the state Department of Mental Health. Kline con-
       tinued his education and sought to help his community through
       counseling, rehabilitation programs, positive thinking programs,
       and healthy living seminars.    He worked in drug counseling and
       patient's rights for the state, and the city, and the Detroit public
       schools. Klein also formed his own consulting company. He
       earned a Ph.D. from Wayne State College of Education and made
       several trips to Ghana. Kline sees a general deterioration in the
       black communities in large cities and in American culture gener-
       ally. He would like to see a resurgence in black pride, and he
       encourages a healthy and holistic life free from drugs, alcohol, and
       other chemicals.

343. Knight, Gladys. Between Each Line of Pain and Glory: My Life
     Story. New York, New York: Hyperion, 1997. 280 pages; pho-
    tographs. ISBN: 0786863269.
       Notes: Also published in large print. Thorndike, Maine: G. K.
       Hall and Company, 1998. ISBN: 0783883943 (353 pages).
       Abstract: Gladys Knight first took the stage to sing at the age of
       four. In those early days, she was already a belter. Her mother
       told her that she was an old soul with a grownup's voice. At
       seven, her mother took her to New York to audition for the Ted
       Mack Amateur Hour. She made it through nine competitions and
       won the finals at Madison Square Garden. Knight remarks that
       she felt many of the white competitors were chagrined to lose to a
       little black girl with a missing tooth.    At age nine, Knight, her
       brother, sister, and two cousins formed a singing group that they
       called the Pips. They won talent shows and earned regular
       engagements in Atlanta, their hometown, before Gladys's mother
       arranged for the children to work with voice coach Maurice King.
258        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


        By the time Knight was twelve, the Pips were on the Supersonic
        Attractions Tour. The group stayed together and toured through-
        out Knight's school years. When she was seventeen, the Pips
        began recording and released their first hit, "Every Beat of My
        Heart." Shortly after high school graduation, Knight became preg-
        nant and married her high school sweetheart. She lost the first
        baby, but had two more children before her marriage fell apart.
         Meanwhile, the Pips continued to prosper under the management
         of the flamboyant Marghuerite Mays. She managed their clothing,
         taught the Pips to dance, and guided them in the development of
         the style that would be their hallmark. The group eventually
         signed a seven-year contract with Motown, but was never one of
         their priority groups. Nonetheless, the Pips had several hits
         before leaving Motown for Buddha Records, with whom they
         recorded "Midnight Train."      That same year, the Pips won
         Grammies in both the pop and rhythm and blues categories.
         Knight describes the hard life of a touring performer, in which
         there are no guarantees for the future, despite your previous suc-
         cesses. She writes of her unsuccessful second and third marriages,
         her addiction to gambling, and her recovery. Knight describes the
         many positive experiences she has had working with other
         singers, but also of the lack of unity and support within the busi-
         ness. She also describes the inherent racism in the recording and
         broadcasting industry. Black singers are almost always classified
         as rhythm and blues, a category that is not included on the play
         list of many radio stations. White singers, even if they are singing
         soul, are considered pop or rock and roll and receive nationwide
         radio play. "I simply wish that there did not have to be barriers
         and that it could be about the music, not about race, as too many
         things in our society are" (p. 318). Still, in spite of the many hard-
         ships and disappointments she has experienced, Knight writes
         that she is a "glutton for life" (p. 333). After fifty years in music,
         she is still performing.

344. Krall, Yung.     A Thousand Tears Falling: The True Story of a
      Vietnamese Family Torn Apart by War, Communism, and the CIA. .
      Foreword by Griffin B. Bell. Afterword by Quinlan J. Shea, Jr.
      Atlanta, Georgia: Longstreet Press, 1995.          412 pages; photo-
      graphs. ISBN: 1563522314.
         Abstract: Yung Krall's story begins in 1954 with the defeat of the
         French at Dien Bien Phu, Vietnam. Her father fought with the Viet
         Minh. He and his oldest son went to Hanoi to work with Ho Chi
         Minh. Krall, her younger siblings, and her mother went to live
         with their grandparents in Long Thanh, part of South Vietnam,
                         The Bibliography                                259


        where their aunt and cousins were actively assisting the Viet
        Cong. Krall's family's existence was complicated by its connec-
        tions with prominent and active supporters of the north and by its
        location in the south, with both forces exerting pressure on Krall's
        mother to take a more active part. Krall herself became vehe-
        mently anti-Communist. Although she was not sympathetic with
        the American presence in Vietnam, Krall took a job at the
        American military installation.     There she met her husband,
        Lieutenant John Krall and went with him to live in the United
        States. As the fall of Saigon became imminent, Krall and her hus-
        band began to arrange for her mother's and sisters’ evacuation. In
        order to facilitate this, Krall agreed to provide any information she
        could to the American government. Soon Krall was operating as
        a double agent for the CIA and the Socialist Republic of Vietnam
        (SRV; North Vietnam).       During this time, Krall had several
        reunions with her father, who was now the SRV ambassador to the
        Soviet Union. When the Justice Department decided to arrest one
        of Krall's SRV contacts, she was asked to testify, and Krall
        describes the chaos into which this turn of events threw her. She
        was worried about the safety of her father and brother in Vietnam.
        Both she and her extended family were threatened. In her last
        visit with her father, she angered both her parents by trying to
        convince him to leave the country. Eventually daughter and
        father agreed to accept each other's political affiliations. Krall
        ends her story as she prepares to testify.

345. Kwan, Michelle (1980- ). Michelle Kwan, Heart of a Champion: An
    Autobiography. As told to Laura M. James. New York, New
    York: Scholastic Books, 1997. 151 pages; photographs. ISBN:
    0590763407.
        Notes:   Revised edition published New York: Scholastic Books,
        1998. ISBN: 0590763563 (166 pages).
       Abstract: Michelle and Karen Kwan began ice skating while quite
       young. Michelle was just five years old. They practiced every day,
       had lessons four to five days a week, and advanced steadily
       through the ranks. This required enormous sacrifices on the part
       of the family. Their parents drove them long distances to skating
       rinks, and ended up selling their house to pay off bills. In 1992,
       Michelle and Karen had both advanced to the junior level of the
       United States Figure Skating Association (USFSA) and Michelle
       had made it to Nationals. They were noticed by Linda Fratianne,
       who arranged for them to audition for coach Frank Carroll. They
       passed the audition, were accepted to skate on the private rink at
260        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         Ice Castle in Lake Arrowhead, and began year-round residency
         there. Mr. Kwan commuted two hundred miles round trip to
         work each day so that he could stay at Ice Castle with the girls.
         Mrs. Kwan remained at the family residence in Torrance so that
         their son could finish high school at home. Michelle always saw
         herself as a champion. She describes what it takes to be a cham-
         pion skater and the importance of maintaining a positive attitude
         and of envisioning your success rather than your failures. In 1996,
         Michelle won the gold medal at both the National and World
         Championships. After a disastrous 1997 Nationals competition,
         she won the silver medal at the World Championships. As she fin-
         ished this book, Michelle, at the age of sixteen, was setting her
         sights on the 1998 Olympics.

346. LaBelle, Patti. Don’t Block the Blessings: Revelations of a Lifetime.
      Written   with    Laura   B. Randolph.     New    York,     New   York:
      Riverhead Books, 1996.          305 pages; photographs.           ISBN:
      1573220396.
         Notes: Also published New York: Boulevard Books, 1997. ISBN:
         1572973242; New York: Berkeley Boulevard       Books, 1997.    ISBN:
         0425169987. Published as a large print edition Thorndike, Maine:
         G. K. Hall and Company, 1997.     ISBN: 0783880693 (397 pages).
         Abstract:     Patti LaBelle was born Patricia Holte.     Her parents
         divorced when she was small, and she was raised by her mother
         but remained close to her father.   LaBelle was shy as a child, but
         found her calling when she began singing at her church. When
         she was eighteen, she and a few of her friends put together a
         group that debuted as the Ordettes. The other members of the
         group gradually quit and were replaced. The group was finally
         reborn as the Bluebelles, with LaBelle, Cindy Birdsong, Nona
         Hendryx, and Sarah Dash.      The group was extremely well-
         received and had concerts every night.        However,    they never
         seemed to make very much money and lived hand to mouth,
         wearing the same costumes every night. One of the high points of
         the Bluebells' career was a six-week tour playing with the Rolling
         Stones.     A new manager convinced them to change their group's
         name to LaBelle and to give up love songs and close harmony for
         a social tone that matched the atmosphere of the 1960s. She got
         them out of their matching dresses and into something rougher.
         By 1972, the designer Larry LaGaspi asked to design some cos-
         tumes for them, and thus was born their trademark look: "silver,
         the cabling, the breastplates, the feathers, the platforms, the space
         suites, the helmets . . ." (p. 172). Soon, fans were being invited to
                          The Bibliography                                  261


        wear their own costumes to concerts.       LaBelle's wild popularity
        peaked   about   the time   of their only number-one       hit, "Lady
        Marmalade," in 1975. By this time, Patti LaBelle was married and
        had a child. The rest of the group remained single, and she was
        torn between performing and being with her family. The group
        broke up in 1976, and LaBelle began a solo career. Although she
        has never had a definitive hit, she has always done well and had
        a large following. She has recorded many albums and done some
        acting. The great tragedy of her life has been the loss of so many
        members of her family. When she was in her thirties, she lost her
        mother to diabetes, and all three of her sisters died of cancer when
        they were in their early forties. LaBelle alone has lived to see her
        fiftieth birthday. She feels blessed to have met and married
        Armstead Edwards, the man who remains her husband to this
        day. The couple has a son, Zuri.

347. Lacy, Sam (b. 1903). Fighting for Fairness: The Life Story of Hall
     of Fame Sportswriter Sam Lacy. Written with Moses J. Newson.
     Centreville, Maryland: Tidewater Publishers, 1998. 262 pages;
     photographs. ISBN: 087033512x.
        Abstract: A reporter and journalist, Sam Lacy has written more
        than three thousand columns in a sixty-year career. He has spent
        most of his career with the Baltimore Afro American, but he has
        also written   for the Chicago   Sun,   the Washington   Tribune,   and
        others. Lacy is a sports writer who used his columns and his influ-
        ence to address issues of race and gender, including discriminato-
        ry practices, lack of opportunity, segregated teams, and segregat-
        ed accommodations for athletes.        Lacy was born in 1903 in
        Connecticut. He and his parents moved to Washington, D.C,
        when he was two. Despite his family's limited means, Lacy
        attended school with the African-American elite. He began work-
        ing at the age of eight and was playing semi professional baseball
        before he graduated from high school. After high school, he
        played both baseball and football and also worked as a coach and
        referee. Lacy's journalism career began when he became sports
        editor for the Washington Tribune in 1934. In 1937, Lacy made his
        first trip to a group of major league baseball team owners to dis-
        cuss the hiring of African-American players, and in 1945, he was a
        member of a committee formed by major league baseball to
        address integrating the teams. In his book, Lacy describes the
        events leading up to the hiring of Jackie Robinson and the prob-
        lems faced afterwards, such as segregated accommodations for
        baseball and football players. Lacy talks about the professional
        teams that refused to hire black players and the success of other
262        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         teams when they did so. Lacy addresses the present-day lack of
         leadership positions for African Americans in professional and
         collegiate sports, including the dearth of black quarterbacks, and
         the reluctance of owners to hire blacks as coaches. Lacy writes
         about issues of race and the Baseball Hall of Fame, the 1961 AAU
         decision to send an all-white team to South Africa, the question-
         able sport of boxing, segregated golf courses, and the media-
         enforced invisibility of black golfers.     Lacy documents the
         progress that he has seen for African Americans in professional
         sports in the United States, but also points out changes that still
         need to be made.

348. Lane, Isaac (1834-1937). Autobiography of Bishop Isaac Lane,
     L.L.D. With a Short History of the C.M.E. Church in America and
      of Methodism.   Chapel Hill, North Carolina: Academic Affairs
      Library, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, 1997.
         http://sunsite.unc.edu/docsouth/lane/lane.html
         Notes: Documenting the American South (Project).

349. Latifah, Queen. Ladies First: Revelations of a Strong Woman.
     Written with Karen Hunter. Foreword by Rita Owens. New
     York, New York: William Morrow & Company, 1999. 173
      pages; photographs. ISBN: 0688156231.
         Notes: Also published in paperback New York: Quill, 2000. ISBN:
         068817583x.
         Abstract: Rap singer Queen Latifah, born Dana E. Owens, writes
         about her life, hoping to inspire other women through examples of
         how she overcame difficulties. Latifah explains:
                  I'm writing this book to let every woman know
                  that she, too—no matter what her status or her
                  place in life—is royalty. This is particularly
                  important for African-American women to
                  know. ... For so long in this society, we have
                  been given and have allowed ourselves to take
                  the role of slave, concubine,   mammy,    second-
                  class citizen. ... Many of us have been so hurt
                  and so dogged out by society—and by men and
                  by life—that we can't even wrap our brains
                  around the notion that we deserve better, that
                  we are queens.                              (p. 2)
         She recounts trials she has been through and the difficulties she
                         The Bibliography                               263


        has overcome, encouraging others to follow her example. Subjects
        covered include the strength of her mother, the problems present-
        ed by her parents’ divorce, how her father's adultery and other
        vices affected her feelings about men in general, how she broke
        into the music business and learned to differentiate between
        friends and colleagues who would have a positive effect on her life
        and those who would not, avoiding drugs, getting through the
        pain of her brother's death, learning how to say no to sexual rela-
        tionships with men, and how to ignore hurtful gossip. Latifah also
        discusses the necessity of appreciating one's body, no matter what
        the size or shape, and the importance of developing one's own
        style.

350. Latta, Rev. M. L. (b. 1853).     The History of My Life and Work:
    Autobiography bu Rev. M. L. Latta, A.M., D.D.            Chapel Hill,
    North Carolina: Academic Affairs Library, University of North
    Carolina at Chapel Hill, 2000.
        http://docsouth.unc.edu/neh/latta /latta.sgml
        http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu/neh/ atta /latta.html
        Notes:   Documenting the American South (Project).

351. Lawrence-Lightfoot, Sara. I’ve Known Rivers: Lives of Loss and
     Liberation. Reading, Massachusetts: Addison-Wesley Publish-
     ing Company, 1994. 654 pages. ISBN: 0201581205.
        Notes: Published in paperback New York: Penguin Books, 1995.
        ISBN: 0140249702.
        Abstract: Lawrence-Lightfoot remembers the special family time
        at the diningroom table with family members telling stories and
        narrating the events of their day. Her parents also used the time
        to fill gaps in their children's education by steeping them in the
        poetry of black poets and expanding on neglectful or wrong-
        headed teaching on African Americans and other cultures outside
        the European tradition. Lawrence-Lightfoot was introduced to
        the writing of E. Franklin Frazier when his book Black Bourgeoisie
        (1957) was discussed by her parents and their friends at the dinner
        table. Reading it again as a graduate student, Lawrence-Lightfoot
       was mesmerized by this book about her own experience in the
       black middle class. She felt both pleasure and disappointment in
       it. While Frazier took a refreshing approach to the study of
       African Americans, demonstrating the diversity of the communi-
       ty, he also accused the "black bourgeoisie" of having forsaken their
       cultural roots. Lawrence-Lightfoot responds to what she believes
264        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         is Frazier's two-dimensional description of black middle class life
         by presenting the stories of three men and three women from the
         black professional      middle-class,       all in their forties and     fifties.
         Lawrence-Lightfoot spent a year "in deep conversation with each
         one. Our conversations were intense, exhausting, exhilarating,
         and often painful. All six were willing to appear here under their
         own names" (p. 11). They describe the losses that have accompa-
         nied their social privileges. Kate Cannon is a philosopher, theolo-
         gian, and    ordained    Presbyterian       minister.    She teaches     at the
         Episcopal Divinity School in Cambridge, Massachusetts. She was
         born in Kannapolis, North Carolina. Charles Ogletree teaches at
         Harvard Law School. He is a criminal defense lawyer and politi-
         cal activist. He grew up near Merced, California. M. Antoinette
         Schiesler, a native of Chicago, became a nun and a chemist. After
         leaving    her   religious   order,   she    married     and   studied   to be
         ordained as an Episcopal priest. Felton Earls is an epidemiologist
         and psychiatrist at the Harvard School of Public Health. He was
         raised in New Orleans. Cheryle Wills owns radio and television
         stations across    the United     States.      She was    born in Jefferson,
         Missouri and settled in Cleveland. Orlando Bagwell lived in
         Baltimore until moving to New Hampshire with his family in his
         teens. He is a documentary filmmaker.

352. Lebroén, Lolita (1919- ). See Vilar, Irene (1969- ).

353. Lee, Bill.      Chinese Playground: A Memoir.                   San Francisco,
     California:     Rhapsody Press, 1999.      277                 pages.    ISBN:
      0967002303.
         Abstract: Bill Lee writes of his experiences with organized crime
         and gang warfare in San Francisco's Chinatown. His parents were
         both born in the Guangdong (Canton) province of China and
         immigrated to the United States. Although Lee was born in the
         United States, in 1954, he identified more closely with the foreign-
         born Chinese, since he grew up speaking three dialects of
         Cantonese and no English until he began school. Lee describes the
         cultural conflicts of growing up in a traditional Chinese household
         within an American-influenced culture. Life at home and in the
         streets was harsh. His father had strong ties with one of the Tong
         organizations, participating in activities somewhere between legal
         and illegal. Tong loyalties fed directly into gang loyalties and
         rivalries. Lee's involvement with gang life changed as he grew up.
         He distanced himself from it and concentrated on his studies
         while in high school, but found himself once more involved as a
         college student. Gang violence escalated throughout the first half
                         The Bibliography                                       265


        of the 1970s and peaked with the Golden Dragon massacre of
        1977. Lee describes the massacre and the counter attacks, arrests,
        court trials, and imprisonments. Lee once again drew away from
        gang life. Perhaps because of his own troubled childhood and
        youth, Lee was interested in psychology and a counseling career,
        and he found work in human resources in Silicon Valley indus-
        tries. He worked as a recruiter for International Circuit Devices
        (ICD).   He   found   in Silicon   Valley   corporate   culture,   as    in
       Chinatown, intrigue, duplicity, and rivalry, with a murky line
       between legal and illegal activities. Lee left ICD to begin his own
        consulting firm. He took a six-month leave of absence from his
        consulting work to take an assignment for Electromagnetic
       Systems Laboratories (ESL). Although reluctant to leave his own
       successful enterprise, Lee sensed that he had a mission at ESL.
       This mission was revealed the day an unhappy former employee
       entered ESL loaded with weaponry, shooting everyone in his path.
       Lee was able to safely clear out employees in his own department,
       and to utilize his crisis-intervention skills throughout the five-and-
       a-half hour siege. Lee credits his ability to stay calm and level-
       headed to the numbness he developed to the violence of
       Chinatown. Although happy to have served an important role in
       working with victims and families of victims during and follow-
       ing the ESL crisis, Lee sees himself as part of the overall problem.
       He writes that he was "still entrenched on the dark side, continu-
       ing to lie, cheat and hustle, in all areas of my life" (p. 275). Lee
       began a healing process which included examining his past and
       learning to "trust and find decency" in himself (p. 277). As he fin-
       ished this memoir, he had taken a break from the high tech indus-
       try and was working on his recovery. He is committed to serving
       as a good role model for his college-aged son.

354. Lee, Gaylen D.     Walking Where We Lived: Memoirs of a Mono
    Indian Family. Norman, Oklahoma: University of Oklahoma
    Press, 1998. 208 pages; photographs; maps; index. ISBN:
    0806130873 : 0806130863.
       Abstract: Gaylen Lee, who was raised in a traditional Mono, or
       Nim, Indian lifestyle, has acted as a family historian his entire life.
       This book describes how American whites ran the Indians from
       their lands in California, the story of his own family, spanning six
       generations, and the documentation of the folk stories his grand-
       parents told him as he grew up. California Indians were first
       endangered when gold was discovered in the Sacramento area.
       Miners wanted to get Indians off the lands so that they could claim
       it and mine for gold. They were assisted by Christian missionar-
266      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


       ies who wanted to change the lifestyles of the Indians and make
       them more open to their religion and way of life. The U.S. gov-
       ernment forced the Indians out of their homelands and destroyed
       their livelihood over the span of a few generations. Lee, who
       spoke only the Nim language before he began school, writes about
       how his ancestors lived and how his mother and grandmother
       maintain the traditional lifestyle in which he himself was raised.
       He describes how babies in his family are raised in baby baskets
       that keep them secure and happy during the first years of their
       life. Such baskets, as well as those for storing and cooking food
       and carrying possessions, are still made by women. Acorns are a
       dietary staple. They are collected, ground into flour, and made
       into traditional dishes. Lee learned how to fish in local rivers
       using bait and spears, and grabbing fish by hand. He describes
       the hunting methods of Indians and how his grandfather could
       creep up behind animals without the animals knowing it. Lee also
       describes some of the religious ceremonies that he grew up with
       and the long tradition of mysticism among Indians.

355. Lee, Helie.    Still Life with Rice: A Young American Woman
     Discovers the Life and Legacy of Her Korean Grandmother. New
     York, New York: Scribner, 1996. 320 pages. ISBN: 0684802708.
       Notes: Also published New York: Simon & Schuster Touchstone
       Edition, 1997. ISBN: 0684827115.
       Abstract: Helie Lee, a woman born in South Korea and raised in
       the United States, took a trip to Korea and China to discover the
       places where her mother grew up. Upon her return from the trip
       she decided to record the life of her maternal grandmother, who
       lived in California. Her grandmother, Hongyong, was born in
       1912 and raised in Pyongyang, North Korea, in a wealthy family.
       After she married, she and her husband left Korea and fled to
       China to avoid Japanese oppression. During their years in China,
       her grandmother made her family's fortune by selling opium and
       running a restaurant. Just before Japan surrendered at the end of
       World War II, the family, now numbering five children, left China
       to go back to North Korea, where they bought a large plot of land
       only to have it confiscated by the new Communist regime. In the
       confusion prior to the closing of the border between the two
       Koreas at the 38th parallel on January 4, 1951, the family managed
       to slip across to South Korea. Hongyong and the children man-
       aged to make it to the port of Pusan, where they were reunited
       with her husband. The escape, however, permanently separated
       her from her eldest son.   Penniless, the family made their home
                         The Bibliography                                  267


        with Hongyong's younger sisters and their families. She was
        eventually able to make a living practicing ch’iryo, a form of heal-
        ing that involves pinching and slapping the body to improve
        blood circulation. Hongyong's eldest daughter married a soldier,
        and the two emigrated to Canada with their two daughters. (The
        younger, Helie, is the author of this book.) Hongyong joined them
        in Southern California in the 1970s when ch’iryo became illegal in
        South Korea. She and her sisters resumed their practice in Los
        Angeles. The book ends in 1991, as Helie returns from Korea and
        China to learn about her grandmother's story, and, miraculously,
        they receive news that Hongyong's eldest son is alive in North
        Korea.

356. Lee, Joann Faung Jean (1950- ). Asian American Actors: Oral
     Histories From Stage, Screen, and Television. Jefferson, North
     Carolina: McFarland      & Company, 2000.         226 pages; photo-
     graphs. ISBN: 0786407301.
        Abstract:   Lee reviews the state of acting for Asian Americans.
        Not much, she claims, has changed from the time when lead roles
       featuring Asian characters were played by white actors to today,
       when Asian actors are confined largely to "race roles." Lee looks
       at why this might be, observing not only an entrenched racism in
       the film, television, and stage industries, but a conscious or sub-
       conscious tendency for film and television to reinforce a white
       homogenous view of American society. Lee interviews actors in
       New York, San Francisco, and Los Angeles.      She seeks to find out
       how and why Asian American actors persevere in a field of such
       narrow opportunity and what drives them to take roles that can be
       stereotypical and demeaning. Lee also asks the subjects to talk
       about why they entered acting, their individual experiences as
       actors, the goals they have set for themselves, and what opportu-
       nities they see for their future and for Asian actors in general. Lee
       notes the healthy state of Asian-American theater and the
       enhanced experience and opportunities for both actors and for
       audiences. She divides her subjects into aspiring and veteran
       actors as follows:
            Aspiring New York actors: Raymond Moy, Billy Chang, Mel
            Gionson, Karen Tsen Lee, Lia Chang, Fay Ann Lee; Veteran
            New York actors: Jadin Wong, Tisa Chang, Peter Kwong, Pat
            Suzuki; Aspiring California actors: Greg Watanabe,          Sharon
            Omi, Ken Narasaki, Linda Chuan, Joanne Takahashi, Sharon
            Iwai, Karen Lee; and veteran California           actors:    Lane
            Nishikawa, Cherylene Lee, Nancy Kwan.
268        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



357. Lee, Li-Young. The Winged Seed: A Remembrance. New York,
     New York: Simon & Schuster, 1995.       205 pages. ISBN:
     0671707086.
        Notes: Also Published St. Paul, Minnesota: Hungry Mind, 1999.
        ISBN: 1886913285.
        Abstract: Lee tells his story both through a straightforward series
        of memories and impressions, and through metaphorical tales and
        dreams. He was born in 1958 in Jakarta. A year later, his father
        was arrested on charges of sedition and imprisoned for nineteen
        months. The Lee children were cared for by their older sister, who
        was only nine, while their mother spent each day at the prison
        hoping to see her husband. Following his father's release from
        prison, the family was spirited away to Hong Kong where his
        father pursued his ministry. From Hong Kong they went to Japan
        and then to Pennsylvania. Lee writes of visiting the sick and
        elderly with his father during their time in Pennsylvania, caring
        for his father as he approached death, and dreaming of him after
        he died. Lee expresses confusion over the angry father who
        demanded absolute obedience and the minister who cared so lov-
        ingly for his parishioners, over his family's harsh daily existence,
        and the miracle-enacting God of his father's beliefs and preach-
        ings.

358. Lee, Patrick J. The Yellow Kid: Comics. Time's Up, 6. Burbank,
     California: Airik Lee Productions, 1997. ISBN: none.

359. Lee, Spike. Best Seat in the House: A Basketball Memoir. Written
      with Ralph Wiley. New York, New York: Crown, 1997.                   327
      pages; photographs. ISBN: 060960029x.
        Abstract: Spike Lee, famous as a front-row-season-ticket-holding
         fan of the New York Knicks basketball team, chronicles the for-
        tunes of the team over thirty years. In the process of analyzing the
        good and bad times of the Knicks, looking in detail at the team's
        players and at many of their important games, Lee divulges some
        of the details of his own life, not all directly related to basketball.
         Lee grew up one of four children. His mother was a high-school
         English teacher and his father a professional jazz bass player. Lee
        believed that growing up in Brooklyn meant being an avid sports
        fan. He and his friends played every kind of ball and followed the
         local teams with enthusiasm. Lee began attending basketball
         games at an early age. He was given a ticket to the seventh game
         of the Knicks' 1969-1970 championship bid, but was forced to
                           The Bibliography                             269



       make a choice between the game and a concert his father was
       playing in. The game won out despite the fact that the rest of the
       family attended the concert. Lee graduated from high school in
       1975 and attended Morehouse College in Atlanta, as did many
       members of his family spanning several generations. It was dur-
       ing his first summer vacation from college that Lee picked up a
       Super 8 camera, whetting his appetite for filmmaking and setting
       the stage for his prestigious film career. Following college, Lee
       attended New York University, where his final film project won
       the Students' Academy award.      Several years later, Lee made the
       film She's Gotta Have It, and two important things happened: he
       bought his first Knicks season tickets and, based on his use of Air
       Jordan tennis shoes in the film, Nike asked Lee to direct a series of
       commercials featuring Michael Jordan and a character in his film
       who wore Nikes. Thus began a long relationship between Lee and
       Jordan. On other subjects, Lee considers the potential power of
       African-American athletes in a sports industry that is owned by
       white Americans, and he looks forward to the day when franchis-
       es will be owned by African Americans. He discusses and pro-
       vides several examples of the inherent racism in sports reporting
       and tallies the handful of black reporters working for television,
       magazines, and newspapers.

360. Leguizamo,    John.     Freak:   A Semi-Demi-Quasi-Pseudo       Auto-
    biography. Written with David Bar Katz. New York, New York:
    Riverhead Books, 1997.      125 pages; photographs.   ISBN:
    1573220922.
       Abstract: John Leguizamo is an actor and comedian who is
       known for the one-man shows Mambo Mouth and Spic-O-Rama.
       He has also starred in a television series and been featured in a
       number of motion pictures. Freak is the name of another dramat-
       ic comedy production of his, and this work is the contents of the
       show rendered in book form. The story in Freak was originally
       meant to be a humorous break from the work Leguizamo and
       cowriter David Bar Katz were engaged in, but they ended up tak-
       ing a hard look at the dark aspects of Leguizamo's childhood.
       According to the writers, the book is "100% kind-of-true" (p. xiii),
       with all of the scenes based on composites of his experiences and
       written as satire. According to the story, Leguizamo was loved by
       his mother, whom he calls Lala, and grandmothers, but simulta-
       neously belittled by them at every turn.    His father, dubbed
       Fausto, was a brutal man who was psychologically beaten by his
       experiences as an immigrant to the United States and who took
       out his frustrations on his children, especially the author.
270        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         Leguizamo is constantly waiting for the occasion when his father
         will voice his affection for him. Other scenes include Leguizamo's
         first love, how he lost his virginity at a Kentucky Fried Chicken
         Restaurant, how his parents separated, and his beginnings as an
         actor playing stereotypical Hispanic roles.

361. Lei-lanilau,     Carolyn.      Ono    Ono    Girl’s   Hula.     Madison,
      Wisconsin: University of Wisconsin Press, 1997.               180 pages.
      ISBN: 0299156303 : 0299156346.
         Abstract: Lei-lanilau's essays explore ethnicity and what it means
         to be Hawai'ian.      Lei-lanilau's heritage includes Hawai'ian,
         Chinese, Hakka, and Portuguese. She refers to herself alternately
         as Chinese Hawaiian, Chinese Hawai'ian Portuguese, and Native
         Hawai'ian, but the labels are not as important as her own sense of
         who she is. Language has always been an important element of
         her identity. Lei-lanilau's parents required their children to speak
         dictionary    (first pronunciation)     English   in the   household.
         Although her father spoke Hawai'ian outside of the house, they
         were never allowed to speak it inside and were not taught it. Her
         maternal aunt and grandmother spoke Hakka, but while her par-
         ents discouraged Lei-lanilau from learning it, she was encouraged
         to learn the language by her aunt. Studying languages is a passion
         for Lei-lanilau, and she has learned Mandarin and Cantonese
         Chinese, Hawai'ian, French, Latin, and Hakka.        The subtleties of
         language and the cultural oppression or expression that use of a
         particular language signifies runs as a theme throughout the book.
         Lei-lanilau includes information about her family, her children,
         her husbands, and her full-tilt approach to life into and around her
         discussion of language.
                    That's why me and my husband like have these
                    mental orgasms when we "translate" English or
                    Chinese or American or Hawaiian or behavior
                    or situations from language to language. He did
                    proudly acknowledge that he was marginal. Me
                    too, me too! When your vocab and life experi-
                    ences take you beyond language, movies,
                    adventures, Little Pleasure, you have reached
                    multicultural multi-ethnic crack-up. If you can
                    still drive a car and arrive to work on time and
                    even contribute, you deserve a long hug and
                    sloppy Hawaiian wet kiss!                  (p. 54)
                         The Bibliography                                 271



362. Lemon, Ralph. Geography: Art, Race, Exile. Written with Tracie
     Morris. Afterword by Ann Daly. Hanover, New Hampshire:
     Wesleyan University Press, 2000. 202 pages; drawings; paint-
    ings; photographs; maps; journal entries. ISBN: 0819564435.
       Abstract: This work represents journal entries, letters, art work,
       and text that describe the creation of the dance work Geography.
       Beginning in 1995, Lemon traveled in Australia, Haiti, and West
       Africa to prepare for the creation and production of this work. He
       was born in Cincinnatti, Ohio, although his family origins were in
       South Carolina and in Georgia. His mother's family was very
       light-skinned with ancestral origins in Ireland, France, West
       Africa, and Cherokee Indian. Lemon had the darkest skin color in
       his family and felt that this bothered his family. They claim, how-
       ever, that he has consciously taken on the role of outsider. Lemon
       remembers, however, being treated "like a prince” by his paternal
       grandmother, who was "very, very dark" (p. 37). Lemon was
       happy to leave Cincinnati and move with his family to
       Minneapolis, where he had both white and black friends, most of
       whom he lost track of when he began attending the University of
       Minnesota.     His mentors in the art world were white women
       Nancy Hauser and Meredith Monk. In New York, he worked with
       a small community of black artists, but when he formed his own
       dance company, all of his dancers were white. He found that his
       work and his company were questioned because of his company's
       racial make up and that he was both artistically and personally
       rejected by the black dance world. "I was never invited to any of
       the black dance conferences that meet annually. ... I suppose I am
       not considered a 'black dance artist.’ This is not painful; mostly it's
       hearsay. Much of the conflict part I've probably made up, but I do
       feel slightly insulted" (p. 35). After ten years, Lemon disbanded
       his dance company and dedicated his enterprise, Cross
       Performance, to the creation of new performance forms and pre-
       sentations. He describes Geography as "in part a performance, but
       it was equally an anthropological collaboration about being
       American, African, brown, black, blue black, male, and artist" (p.
       8).

363. Lester, Joe N. I Am Not Afraid to Dream. Conyers, Georgia:
     Joewolf Publishing, 1999. 193 pages. ISBN: 0967134404.
       Abstract:    Although Joe Lester and his siblings grew up with a
       legacy of domestic violence, they were raised to never fight except
       in self-defense. This teaching paid off, and the appearance of vio-
       lent tempers did not carry over into their generation. Lester's par-
pags        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         ents started out as sharecroppers and were able to eventually buy
         their own land. His father was disappointed that none of the chil-
         dren remained to take on the farm responsibilities, but all ten chil-
         dren graduated from college, and most of them earned graduate
         degrees. Although Lester was an average student, he made up his
         mind in high school to be a dentist and was accepted into Meharry
         Medical College. After struggling through the initial coursework,
         Lester discovered that he was good at working with patients, his
         kind and patient manner quickly winning their confidence and
         trust. He graduated from Meharry in the top ten percent of his
         class and received several awards. Anxious to give something
         back to the black community, Lester, his wife Kim, and their two
         children moved to Fort Valley, Georgia, to set up practice, borrow-
         ing a large sum of money to do so. The patients he saw could not
         pay for dental work, and they usually bartered with food. In an
         attempt to make     some   money    and   maintain   his own    practice,
         Lester sought part-time work in a Plains, Georgia, clinic. He was
         the first black doctor to work there, and staff were           concerned
         that he would not be accepted by the white clientele.             Again,
         however, Lester's exceptional manner with patients overcame any
         prejudices they may have brought with them to the dentist's chair.
         Lester later worked as a dentist in the Georgia prison system
         and became dental director of the Georgia Department of
         Corrections.

364. Lewis, John. Walking with the Wind: A Memoir of the Movement.
       Written with Michael D'Orso.         New York, New York: Simon &
       Schuster, 1998.       496 pages; photographs;           index.      ISBN:
       0684810654.
         Notes:      Also published San Diego: Harcourt Brace, 1999 (1st
         Harvest Edition).   ISBN: 0156007088 (526 pages).
         Abstract:   John Lewis, chairman of the Student Nonviolent
         Coordinating Committee (SNCC) from 1963 to 1966, tells the story
         of his life and gives a history of the Civil Rights Movement. Born
         in the poor farming town of Carter's Quarters in Pike County,
         Alabama, Lewis questioned the lives his parents and neighbors
          led as sharecroppers, never able to get ahead after paying rent to
         landowners. He also questioned the differences for white and
         black children in the schools. When the landmark Supreme Court
         decision in Brown v. Board of Education in 1954 failed to bring any
         change in his own education, Lewis was bitterly disappointed. In
          1955, he was inspired when he heard Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
          speak over the radio about the Montgomery bus boycott. Upon
                  The Bibliography                               ave


high school graduation, Lewis was financially unable to attend
college, and he enrolled instead in the American Baptist
Theological Seminary in Nashville, Tennessee, which required no
tuition payments. All of the students worked on campus for their
room and board.    As a sophomore, Lewis became more and more
involved with the Civil Rights Movement. He joined SNCC and
studied nonviolent resistance, something he continues to believe
in as the most effective tool for change. Training sessions led to
the lunch counter sit-ins in Nashville and civil rights activities
over the entire South. Lewis worked and came into regular con-
tact with all of the major figures in the movement, including Dr.
King and the other leaders of the Southern Christian Leadership
Conference    (SCLC),   the NAACP,    and   the Congress   of Racial
Equality (CORE), along with participants in SNCC, such as
Stokely Carmichael and Julian Bond. He met with presidents
Kennedy and Johnson and worked for the Carter administration.
He participated in peaceful resistance activities during the 1950s
and 1960s, such as the Freedom Riders, black passengers riding in
the front of Greyhound and Trailways buses, sitting beside their
white comrades as they traveled through the Deep South. Their
lives were constantly in danger, but the action eventually drew so
much attention throughout the United States that a reluctant fed-
eral government was forced to take steps. Lewis describes in
detail the struggle to get the Voting Rights Act signed into law, the
spirit and courage of the local people in the Southern towns where
he registered voters, the strength of women who were kept out of
leadership positions in the movement, and his distress at the
growing disillusionment of the black leadership in the ability to
achieve change through nonviolent resistance. He writes first
hand of the tragedies of the four young girls who were killed in
the bombing of the Sixteenth Street Baptist Church in
Birmingham,    Alabama,   in 1963, the violent attack by Alabama
state troopers on the peaceful marchers who were planning to
walk from Selma to Montgomery in March 1965, the assassination
of Dr. King, and the assassination of Robert Kennedy, for whose
presidential campaign he was working. In 1986, John Lewis was
elected to the United States Congress as the representative of the
Fifth District of Georgia, defeating his close friend, Julian Bond.
He remains in that seat at present.
274        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



365. Lewis, Reginald (1942-1993). Why Should White Guys Have All
     the Fun? How Reginald Lewis Created a Billion-Dollar Business
      Empire. Written with Blair Walker.     New York, New York: John
      Wiley & Sons, 1995.          318 pages; photographs.           ISBN:
      0471042277.
         Notes: Paperback edition published in 1997. ISBN: 0471176893.
         Abstract: This work is a combination of autobiographical excerpts
         and biography. Developed from interviews with Lewis, his fami-
         ly, and work colleagues, Blair Walker describes, with Lewis's ver-
         batim excerpts sprinkled throughout, Lewis's childhood, educa-
         tion, and growth into the head of the multinational, billion-dollar
         enterprise, TLC Beatrice International Holdings, Inc. Born in
         Baltimore, Maryland in 1942, Lewis attended Dunbar High School
         in Washington, D.C., where he excelled in sports. He worked
         summers at a private country club where he proved to himself and
         others that he could work harder and get further than anyone else.
         He attended Virginia State University and played football during
         his freshman year. He quit the next year to devote himself to aca-
         demics. Lewis decided to attend law school and took advantage
         of a special summer program Harvard was offering to a select
         number of African-American students. Lewis was accepted into
         the law school immediately after completing the summer pro-
         gram. Following graduation, Lewis went to work at the law firm
         of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison in New York.         He
         spent two years in the corporate law division before setting up
         practice for himself while working for the New York Urban
         Coalition. Lewis worked for the Coalition by day and courted
         business clients by night. Lewis and Walker chart Lewis's grow-
         ing success in private practice, and his dynamic entry into the
         business world orchestrating larger and larger acquisitions,
         including McCall Patterns and TLC Beatrice. Walker describes
         Lewis's hard-driving and sometimes controversial business style,
         his round-the-clock work practices and his devotion to his family.
         Not only interested in billion-dollar business deals, Lewis worked
         to improve conditions and opportunities for African Americans.
         In the 1970s, Lewis defended Benjamin Chavis under the auspices
         of the Commission for Racial Justice. He was a strong campaign-
         er for and contributor to Jesse Jackson's presidential campaign.
         Lewis was also a generous contributor to a variety of causes, both
         as a private citizen and through the Lewis Foundation.        Lewis
         made the largest ever one-time contribution, three million dollars,
         to the Harvard Law School, and the Reginald F. Lewis
         International Law Center at Harvard was dedicated          in 1993.
         Lewis died of brain cancer the same year.
                          The Bibliography                                 275


366. Lewis, Richard. Black Cop: The Real Deal: The True Story of New
     York City’s Most Decorated Cop. Shippensburg, Pennsylvania:
     Destiny Image, 1996.      244 pages; photographs.         ISBN:
     1560435836.
        Abstract: Retired law-enforcement officer Richard Lewis was
        born in 1943 in Brooklyn, New York. He grew up in the Red Hook
        housing project and joined the United States Air Force in 1962. In
        1968, he joined the New York City Housing Authority Police
        Department after initially being rejected by the New York Police
        Department. He served as a patrol officer, an undercover plain-
        clothes police officer, and then as a detective.   Lewis was awarded
        seventy medals throughout his twenty-year career, including two
        Medals of Honor, the only officer ever to achieve two such awards.
        In his book, Lewis focuses on the racism and corruption at all lev-
        els of the New York Police Department. He describes the early
        efforts to keep black applicants from getting into the police force
        (he himself was rejected as having been a quarter of an inch too
        short), the reluctance to promote black officers, and the problem of
        white police officers shooting black plainclothes police officers
        ("black men with guns"). Lewis also observed that white police
        officers were far more likely to shoot at a suspect without taking
        time to investigate. In his experience, black police officers took
        time to assess the situation before shooting. During his career,
        Lewis filed complaints against the police department, but nothing
        ever came of them. His advice to other black police officers
        when faced with discrimination and prejudicial hiring and pro-
        motion practices is to work even harder. He says that when some-
        one tries to discredit you, your record will speak for itself. The one
        haven from racism Lewis found in the police department
        was Police Officers for Christ. Since retirement in 1988, Lewis
        travels as a missionary and speaks regularly at schools in New
        York City.

367. Liacuris, Basilio. Latino-Go Home!: The Saga of a Latin American
     Immigrant in the United States for over 40 Years. Washington,
    D.C.: B. Liacuris, 1997. 182 pages; photographs. ISBN: none.
        Notes: English and Spanish text on facing pages.
        Abstract: Liacuris was born in Argentina. His mother died when
        he and his siblings were young children, and they were raised by
        their Greek father. A businessman, Liacuris's father moved con-
        tinuously in hopes of finding expanded opportunity. He moved
        the family from Argentina to Chile, Venezuela, and Panama, never
        living anywhere more than three or four years.       When his father
276        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        decided that his children should attend college in the United
        States, Liacuris prepared to attend the University of Maryland. He
        had grown up speaking Greek and Spanish and had studied
        French and Italian in school, but he knew no English. To remedy
        this, he spent six months in an American high school and learned
        English through immersion. Liacuris graduated from college with
        a degree in business administration and international trade.
        Following a tour of duty in the army, he joined the Peace Corps
        and served in the Ecuadorian Andes. He entered the world of
        international trade as vice president at the Pan American
        Development Foundation in Washington, D.C., and later pio-
        neered the field of international trade consultant. As a consultant,
        Liacuris helped U.S. companies enter new markets overseas.           In
        his book, he discusses the causes of and problems related to illegal
        immigration to the United States and suggests some ways to
        address these issues. He comments on the difficulties presented
        by the debt load carried by many Latin American countries and
        the social and economic consequences of the resumption of U.S.
        arms sales to Latin America. Liacuris has retired to Ecuador,
        where he works to provide opportunities for Latin American cor-
        porations in the United States. He feels that cooperation through
        trade and cultural exchange are important elements in reducing
        poverty, lowering illegal immigration, and developing a healthy
        society.

368. Lim, Shirley Goek-Lin.      Among the White Moon Faces: An Asian
      American Memoir of Homelands. New York, New York: Feminist
      Press at the City University of New York, 1996. 348 pages; pho-
      tographs. ISBN: 1558611444 : 1558611797.
         Abstract: In this book, for which she won a 1996 American Book
         Award,   Shirley Geok-Lin    Lim   writes   about   her childhood   in
         Malacca, Malaysia, where she was born to Chinese parents. She
         describes the poverty of the family, the difficulty of being the only
         girl in a large family of boys, how she and her brothers were aban-
         doned by their mother, and how she was able to excel academi-
         cally and advance from a convent school to a public high school
         and then to the University of Malaya in Kuala Lumpur. She then
         received a Fulbright Scholarship to study at Brandeis University
         and moved to Boston. The issues that Lim dealt with in the United
         States included a lack of validation of her work and ability, the dif-
         ficulty of making and maintaining interpersonal relationships,
         and her own confusion over her role in society as a woman and as
         someone not born and raised in the United States. She was dis-
         couraged when her professors refused to take her poetry or liter-
                         The Bibliography                                277.


        ary studies seriously. This was ironic because Lim was never edu-
        cated in the Malay languages and had always communicated
        almost exclusively in English. Her education in Malaysia, a British
        colony at the time, was entirely within the British school system.
        She taught literature and composition at several colleges, but
        found a glass ceiling at a junior college where she was not pro-
        moted despite her successful teaching, the honors she received for
        her work within the British Commonwealth, and her many invita-
        tions to more prestigious institutions to give lectures and readings.
        Her searching and dissatisfaction eventually softened when Lim
        married, had a son, and took U.S. citizenship so that her child
        would become grounded as a U.S. citizen. Perhaps the decisive
        factor in establishing herself as an American was being hired by
        the University of California at Santa Barbara.
                 The job description asked for a creative writer
                 who was also working on Asian-American liter-
                 ature and on feminist issues. It could have been
                 written for me. I knew then that... I would
                 choose to live and work in California, a state geo-
                 graphically bound to the islands of Southeast
                 Asia. ... California is perhaps the closest thing
                 possible to moving home for Asian-Americans,
                 whose identity, as any Japanese, Korean, or
                 Chinese national will tell you, is peculiarly
                 American, forged in U.S. history.          (p. 228)
        She believes this move is finally heading her in a direction she can
        call "home."

369. Lindsay, Savon.    My Naked Soul: A Startling Autobiography of a
     Black Recovering Addict.      Portland,   Oregon:    We   Do Recover
    Publications: Copper Sylk Company, 2000.             168 pages; photo-
    graphs. ISBN: 1893879747.
       Abstract:   Writer and recovered drug addict Savon Lindsay
       describes his family as caring, loving, and hardworking. As a
       child he required a lot of attention because he suffered from a
       number of ailments, including tuberculosis and adolescent arthri-
       tis. He writes that no matter how much attention he got, he craved
       more and would do whatever he needed to get it. His first expo-
       sure to alcohol came when he was seven. Even at that young age,
       he was overwhelmed with the sensation and immediately began
       to look for another opportunity to drink. By his teen years, he
       spent most of his time on the streets, drinking and working as a
       pimp. Lindsay led a bleak, violent, and destructive life. He was in
278      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



       and out of prison, robbed, ran prostitutes, and sold and used
       drugs. Although Lindsay made many promises to quit drugs and
       went to countless detox centers and twelve-step meetings, he was
       unsuccessful until 1995, when his latest drug source was sent to
       prison and all of the storekeepers in the area recognized him and
       treated him like a thief. He made up his mind one more time to
       free himself of his addictions and went immediately to a twelve-
       step meeting. Lindsay told his story, found a sponsor, and began
       attending meetings several times a day. He made up his mind to
       do everything that was suggested to him by those already in
       recovery. Lindsay describes the struggle of trying to cure an
       addiction, the many obstacles to remaining on the path to recov-
       ery, the moments that changed his life, and the people who stayed
       with him in his final effort to become drug and alcohol free. A
       poet and writer, Lindsay has two other books: The Soul of an Addict
       and Tired of Being Sick and Tired (1998).

370. Lindsey, Cordell. Step-by-Step Across the Pond. Pittsburgh,
     Pennsylvania: Dorrance Publishing Company, 1996. 111 pages.
     ISBN: 0805938486.
       Abstract: In 1950, eighteen-year-old high-school senior Cordell
       Lindsey decided to drop out of school and join the army to fight
       in the Korean War. He did so with two other friends. They were
       three of the four African Americans in their basic training platoon
       at Ford Ord in California. Although military life in general
       seemed to agree with Lindsey, his experiences were peppered
       with racial slurs and racially motivated confrontations. After basic
       training, Lindsey was sent to Camp Roberts for orientation in
       preparation for his assignment in Korea. He describes the sea voy-
       age during which he spent seven days in the brig for hitting a ser-
       geant; his time in combat, again, as one of just a few African-
       American soldiers, and his happiness at returning home. While in
       Korea, Lindsey stunned his fellow U.S. soldiers and impressed a
       troop of Korean soldiers by singing the Korean national anthem.
       After returning to the United States, Lindsey served as a driver
       and clerk and was promoted to staff sergeant before ending his
       tour of duty.
                         The Bibliography                                279


371. Little Coyote, Bertha and Virginia Giglio. Leaving Everything
     Behind: The Songs and Memories of a Cheyenne Woman. Norman,
     Oklahoma: University of Oklahoma Press, 1997. 166 pages;
    photographs;      song      transcriptions.    ISBN:    0806129840
    0806129867.
        Notes:   Includes CD.    Book and CD set, ISBN: 0806129875.

       Abstract:    Born in 1912, Bertha Little Coyote began attending
       school at the Cantonment Boarding School in Oklahoma at the age
       of seven, the year of the 1919 flu epidemic.     She and two male
       employees were the only ones not stricken, and Little Coyote
       remembers that the men would cook up a broth and carry it
       upstairs. From there she would carry bowls of soup and hard tack
       to any that were able to eat. The school was primarily made up of
       Arapaho and Cheyenne children, but when Otoe and Ponca chil-
       dren also began attending, all Indian language was banned
       because there was not a shared language among the children.
       Little Coyote says that despite the ban and their introduction to
       many elements of white culture, including Christianity, they main-
       tained their own languages, games, and other aspects of their cul-
       tures. After sixth grade, Little Coyote went to public school, but
       did not pass because "I was too busy fighting the white kids" (p.
       21). She returned to government school for eighth and ninth
       grade. Because she suffered from tuberculosis, however, she was
       unable to go on to Haskell Indian Institute as she had hoped, and
       thus her formal schooling ended. Little Coyote's first marriage
       was an unhappy one lasting only six years. She had her first and
       only child in 1931. Her second marriage was healthier, although
       she left several times because of her husband's drinking. After her
       husband was drafted during World War II, Little Coyote and he
       married a second time at a courthouse because the U.S. govern-
       ment no longer recognized Indian marriages for the purposes of
       veterans’ benefits. Her husband, Horace Little Coyote, died in
       1955 in a construction accident. Little Coyote was famous region-
       ally for her singing, and in 1969 made a recording, Seventeen
       Southern Cheyenne Songs, for Indian Records, Inc. The record, still
       available on CD, includes Round Dance Songs, War Dance Songs,
       Scalp Dance Songs, and what Little Coyote calls Forty-Nine songs.
       She describes the nature of each type of song and the dance that
       accompanies the songs. Little Coyote notes that music and words
       just come to Indians when they are singing. Writing the song
       down is for white people. Little Coyote discusses her participa-
       tion in the Mennonite Church, the health of the Cheyenne lan-
       guage, the use of the shaw] in dancing, and many other details of
       Cheyenne life, and of her life.
280         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



372. Liu, Eric. The Accidental Asian: Notes of a Native Speaker. New
      York, New York: Random           House, 1998.        206 pages.    ISBN:
      0679448624.
         Notes: Published in paperback, New York: Vintage Books, 1999.
         ISBN: 0375704868.
         Abstract:    In this collection of essays, Eric Liu examines his own
         sense of ethnicity to discern what it has meant for him to be
         Chinese, in particular Chinese American, growing up in a pre-
         dominantly white society. A native-born American, he compares
         himself to his parents, who were Chinese emigrants to the United
         States.     Liu has been   a radio broadcaster,    an essayist for the
         e-journal Slate,   a founder of the journal The Next Progressive
          (Washington, D.C., 1991- ), a speech writer for President Clinton,
          as well as an aid to U.S. Senator David Boren. From his position
          in the center of U.S. politics, Liu examines the racism inherent in
          U.S. society as exemplified by the media presentation and political
          exploitation of the "Asian money scandal" of the 1996 presidential
          campaign. In other essays, Liu discusses the nomenclature of eth-
          nicity, in particular "Asian American," "Chinese American," and
          "Chinese-American."     He examines the concept of assimilation,
          describing it as a two-way process, "an act of creation as much as
          destruction" (p. 56). He writes further that "America is White no
          longer, and it will never be White again" (p. 56). Finally, Liu con-
          siders the personal and social implications of his interracial
          marriage and the sense of identity his children will eventually
          develop.

373. LL Cool J. I Make My Own Rules. Written with Karen Hunter.
     New York, New York: St. Martin's Press, 1997. 234 pages; pho-
      tographs. ISBN: 0312171099 : 0312967861 ("All Audiences edi-
      tion").
          Notes: Also published by St. Martin's Press in a "parental adviso-
          ry edition.” ISBN: 0312171102 : 0312967314.
          Abstract: LL Cool J was born James Todd Smith in 1968 in Long
          Island, New York. He chose the name LL Cool J, which stands for
          Ladies Love Cool James, when he was fourteen.          He had a bad
          start in life that included abusive and even violent relationships
          with his father and stepfather.   His grandfather, a jazz musician,
          helped him turn his life around with a collection of stereo equip-
          ment that started him on his way to becoming a rap musician.           It
          took a while for LL Cool J to get his career started, however, and          -
          his first demo tape was soundly rejected by everyone he sent it to.
                         The Bibliography                               281


        He finally got the attention of producer Rick Rubin, who helped
        get him started and arranged for him to perform, to appear in
        some films, and, to sign with Def Jam Records.      LL Cool J talks
        about his difficulties with relationships and the wrong turns his
        career has taken due to poor management and incompetent finan-
        cial advice. He also describes high points in his life such as earn-
        ing his G.E.D., marrying Simone, the mother of his three children,
       and winning two Grammies. LL Cool J has achieved a string of
       platinum records and has appeared in films and hosted a televi-
       sion show. He believes that it is important for American children
       to have positive role models, and he also feels that it is important
       for him to include positive messages in his songs: "I want to make
       music that is real and honest, that has integrity" (p. 195). He
       describes his political activities, including campaigning for Bill
       Clinton and speaking on behalf of Rock the Vote and Americorps.
       LL Cool J has also been an honorary chairman for Youth
       Enterprises, founded by Charles Fisher. He emphasizes the
       importance of having a supportive and close family and of main-
       taining faith in God. Through his book, LL Cool J hopes to speak
       to "racist human beings who look at other human beings as sub-
       human animals . . . [to] children who feel unwanted . . . [and to]
       young people who are confused and struggling" (p. 11). He hopes
       to show the multidimensionality of rap music, to support the hip
       hop community, and to show what it is like to be African
       American in the United States.

374. Locklear, John Paul.       My Journey.     New    York, New      York:
    Vantage    Press,   1995.     198 pages;     photographs.        ISBN:
    0533111749.
       Abstract: Paul Locklear was born October 28, 1929. As a child, he
       knew little about his ancestry, except that he was an Indian.
       Growing up in the South meant he had to abide by the strict limi-
       tations imposed by Jim Crow segregation laws. Of Cherokee and
       Scottish heritage, Locklear grew up in a family with nine children
       that moved from farm to farm, usually under conditions of
       extreme poverty. His father was angry, abusive, and violent. He
       beat his wife, Locklear's mother, relentlessly, and was killed in a
       shoot-out with the police when she finally turned him in to the
       sheriff. Locklear and his siblings despised their father and did
       their best to protect their mother, even threatening her second hus-
       band with death if he ever mistreated her. As Locklear grew older,
       however, he began to understand that discriminatory treatment
       and hurtful episodes he experienced were because he was Native
       American. He gradually came to understand at least some of the
282       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        roots of his father's anger.   Locklear felt that, were it not for his
        loyalty to his family, he could just as easily have become a bitter
        and angry man. Locklear joined the military before graduating
        from the eighth grade in an attempt to ease family financial prob-
        lems. He reached a turning point in his life while stationed in
        Alaska. In a small Baptist church in Anchorage, Locklear became
        a Christian. He then dedicated the rest of his life to church work
        and eventually to the ministry. Much of Locklear's book is de-
        voted to anecdotes of his and his wife's work with the various
        churches in which he served. He also expresses his bewilder-
        ment and indignation at the treatment of Native Americans as
        well as the poor in the United States at the hands of the powerful
        and rich.

375. Logan, John A. Turk, Jr. The Reality of a Fantasy. Dayton, Ohio:
     Logan Communications, Inc., 1997. 216 pages; photographs.
     ISBN: 0967650003.
        Abstract: John Logan grew up in and around Dayton, Ohio.           He
        attended a private Catholic school until his father's sudden death
        at age thirty-four. His mother, who was an alcoholic, was unable
        to keep up with house or school payments, and Logan became the
        only African-American student at the local public high school.
        After graduation, Logan had several jobs, including a good posi-
        tion with Frigidaire. He was soon drafted into the army, however,
        and then discharged on medical grounds. Logan returned to
        Frigidaire and began attending the International Broadcasting
        College. After completing his studies there, he got a sales position
        at WDAO Radio. Although he was not particularly successful as
        a salesman, he was able to land a part-time engineering position
        which led to an opportunity to announce over the air, and this was
        a first step in fulfilling his dream to work as a disc jockey. Logan
        gradually advanced to more prominent hours, then to music
        director, and finally to program director. Logan expanded public
        service programming and developed contests to encourage stu-
        dents to stay in school and earn good grades. Despite a few vio-
        lent situations and law suits from contest losers, Logan has been
        successful in his work and has received several awards for com-
        munity service. He is also recognized for his work in highlighting
        and providing air play for Ohio musicians. Logan's goal is to own
        his own radio station.
                         The Bibliography                                283


376. Lopez, Jack (1950- ). Cholos & Surfers: A Latino Family Album.
     Santa Barbara, California: Capra Press, 1998. 204 pages. ISBN:
     0884964299.
        Abstract:   Writer and professor of English Jack Lopez writes a
        series of essays about his childhood, his family, and his thoughts
        about race in the United States. He was born and raised in
        Southern California to a lower-middle-class family. His father,
        whom he credits with giving him his values and his outlook on
        life, always instructed him to refer to himself as "an American of
        Mexican descent" rather than Latino or Chicano. The important
        point was that he was, first and foremost, American. Lopez writes
        about being caught shoplifting as a child, the summer he spent
        surfing in Hawai'i after graduating from high school, his experi-
        ences skiing and sailing, going to college to avoid the draft, being
        accepted into graduate school, his adventures in academia, and
        raising his son. In each episode, Lopez discusses the matter of
        race in the United States. He believes that Americans of Mexican
        descent, despite their number in the population, have been large-
        ly ignored. He says that Americans are not racist, but race aware.
        He claims that everyone knows what being a certain race or color
        means in the racial hierarchy. Lopez has had enormous difficulty
        getting his work published because, he is told, there is a lack of
        demand for Latino work. He and a fellow writer have started the
        Chicano Surfing Association, a joke that refers to the dearth of
        both Chicano surfers and writers.

377. Lopez-Stafford, Gloria (1937- ). A Place in El Paso: A Mexican-
     American Childhood. Albuquerque, New Mexico: University of
     New Mexico Press, 1996. 212 pages; photographs.      ISBN:
     0826316875.
       Abstract: L6épez-Stafford tells the story of her childhood, first in
       the Segundo Barrio of El Paso, Texas, and then the Five Points
       neighborhood, where she lived with her godparents. Lopez-
       Stafford's mother died when she was five years old, and has no
       memories of her except stories told her by her godmother. Her
       father, a white man from South Texas, was sixty-five when he mar-
       ried her much-younger mother, leaving another family and career
       behind to do so. The couple had three children, the youngest of
       whom was Gloria. After her mother's death, Lopez-Stafford's
       father did his best to look after her, leaving her with a string of
       caretakers. Finally, her brother arranged for her to live with her
       godparents, who eventually adopted her. When her father died,
       Lépez-Stafford was twelve. At that time, she began to understand,
284        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


        for the first time, that she was Mexican and that to some this
        meant   she was   not American     and, in fact, inferior    to "true"
        Americans. When an adored classmate told Lépez-Stafford that
        she could not play with her because her mother didn't like
        Mexicans, L6pez-Stafford became confused about her identity and
        what it meant to have a white father and a Mexican mother. After
        a period of confusion, Lépez-Stafford began to realize that who
        she was had to do with the people who had loved and cared for
        her, and she learned to embrace her heritage.

378. Love, Darlene.   My Name Is Love: The Darlene Love Story.
     Written with Rob Hoerburger. New York, New York: William
      Morrow & Company, 1998. 303 pages; photographs; discogra-
      phy; index. ISBN: 0688156576.
        Abstract: Darlene Love's story encompasses a forty-year singing
        career. Love's father was a Pentecostal pastor, and her parents and
        their congregation viewed pop music as inherently evil.
         Nonetheless,   Love   began singing with a group           called the
         Blossoms, also known as the Ronnettes, the Hushabyes, and the
         Rebelettes, while she was still in high school. They were primari-
         ly backup singers, but they did make a number of recordings on
         their own. During the early 1960s, Love worked with producer
         Phil Spector, who used her as a backup singer and soloist, but
         rarely gave her any credits or royalties for her chart-topping work.
         Some of her big hits, such as "He's a Rebel" and "He's Sure the Boy
         I Love," were credited to the Crystals, and her work with Bobby
         Darin was recorded under the name Bob B. Soxx and the Blue
         Jeans. Love would later win a suit against Spector for his ongoing
         use of her name and voice as well as back royalties for his use of
         her songs on several soundtracks and in the million-selling com-
         pilation Back to Mono. Love also worked with producer Lou Adler
         and sang backup for the Kinks, the Rolling Stones, Tom Jones,
         Elvis Presley, Peggy Clifton, Marvin Gaye, Dionne Warwick, and
         many others. Her wish to have a successful solo career, however,
         was never realized. Love describes the many wrong turns her
         career took because of her own naiveté, as well as poor manage-
         ment, unfavorable contracts, and bad-faith promises. She writes
         about her three failed marriages, her attempts to have both a fam-
         ily and a career, and her current happy marriage. Although Love
         never considered herself a rhythm-and-blues singer, she was
         awarded the Rhythm and Blues Foundation's Pioneer Award in
         1995. She has had several small but successful roles in movies, on
         television, and on Broadway, including a part in the Lethal Weapon
         film series, the Bottomline Café production of her life story,
                            The Bibliography                            285


        Portrait of a Singer, and Broadway productions of Leader of the Pack
        and Grease.

379. Love, Preston. A Thousand Honey Creeks Later: My Life in Music
     from Basie to Motown—and Beyond. Introduction by George
     Lipsitz. Hanover, New Hampshire: Wesleyan University Press,
    1997. 270 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0819563188 : 081956320x.
        Abstract:    Born in Omaha in 1921, musician Preston Love was one
        of nine children in a single-parent household. He and his siblings
        were supported by his mother and their older brother who
        worked as a porter in a local hotel. One evening, his brother,
        Tommy       (Dude) Love, came home with an alto saxophone.       He
       later brought home a trumpet and tenor saxophone. Tommy mas-
       tered the alto saxophone and left town to pursue a career in music.
       Preston Love began playing the tenor saxophone that had been
        left behind, and eventually bought himself an alto. By 1941, Love
       was pursuing his own career in music. He was a big fan of Earle
       Warren, who was first alto saxophone with the Count Basie
       Orchestra. Love copied his playing style and sat in the front row
       of all the Count Basie performances in Omaha.      One day, Warren
       asked Love to stand in for him while he took a medical leave from
       the orchestra. All Love's dreams came true as he toured and
       recorded with the Count Basie Orchestra until Warren's return. In
       1948, Love decided to set out on his own and develop his own
       orchestra. He started touring about 1950, and the band began to
       take off in 1951. Love describes the grueling touring schedule, the
       low pay, and the budget-busting bus that the band drove from
       concert to concert. After disbanding for a period of time to recov-
       er from his debts, Love reorganized with a more economical bus
       and a successful set of touring dates. In 1962, he packed up his
       family and moved to Los Angeles, where he worked primarily as
       a recording-session and back-up artist. He toured with the Ray
       Charles Orchestra and played in back-up bands for Motown
       artists such as the Temptations, Aretha Franklin, Martha and the
       Vandellas, Marvin      Gaye, and Smokey   Robinson.    Love and his
       family returned to Omaha in 1971. In 1983 he went on a Count
       Basie European reunion tour with some of the earliest members of
       that orchestra. In his book, Love talks about his views of music
       and jazz. He discusses the issue of race in the jazz world and
       mourns the disappearance of African Americans from the main-
       stream jazz scene.
286       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



380. Love, Robert Earl. The Bob Love Story: If It's Gonna Be It’s up to
     Me. Written with Mel Watkins. Foreword by Michael Jordan.
     Chicago, Illinois: Contemporary Books, 2000. 208 pages; pho-
     tographs. ISBN: 0809225972.
        Abstract: Robert Earl Love was born on the O'Neill plantation in
        Delhi, Louisiana, in 1942. Except for a brief time spent with his
        mother and an abusive stepfather, he spent his childhood with his
        grandparents and his mother's twelve siblings. Love was happy
        in this environment, but he developed a serious stutter that stayed
        with him well into his adult years. In school, his teachers were
        supportive, but he endured endless teasing from his classmates
        because of his stutter. This changed when Love became active in
        sports, playing football and basketball in high school. He played
        basketball at Southern University, and by his senior year he had
        participated in the Olympic trials, was a member of the National
        Basketball Team, and the first black player to make the All-South
        team. Love graduated from Southern University with a degree in
        food and nutrition and was drafted into the National Basketball
        Association as a fourth-round pick of the Cincinnati Royals. He
        was subsequently traded to Milwaukee and then to Chicago.
        Although Love was one of only a few players who could play both
        defense and offense and was one of the top scorers in the league,
        he had difficulty communicating, especially under stress, and he
        never earned much media attention or the respect of his coaches.
        Love's basketball career ended in 1977 after a season with the
        Seattle Supersonics in which he sustained serious back injuries
        that made it difficult for him to walk. After retirement, he looked
        for work coaching and in the food industry, but was unsuccessful.
        Because of his stutter, people refused to take him seriously and he
        was generally viewed as unintelligent. During this period, Love's
        wife left him, but he remained determined to support his six chil-
        dren. He took a job as a bus boy at a Nordstrom department store
        cafeteria and within a few months advanced to cashier. The own-
        ers of the department store offered to help him advance within the
        company if he would get speech therapy for which they would
        pay. Love threw himself into his therapy and made enormous
        progress in a short time. He began making public speeches and
        moved up the ladder at Nordstrom, eventually becoming the com-
        pany spokesman. Love returned to basketball when he was asked
        back to Chicago to become the Bull's spokesman. The team retired
        his jersey in 1994. Love writes that he has a "genuine concern and
        respect for the people I meet, and the joy of knowing I've faced the
        toughest challenge in my life and come out a better person. And -
        it's all because I refused to play the victim. I didn't give up on my
        dreams" (p. 201).
                            The Bibliography                               287


381. Luttery, Kevin.      A Stranger in My Bed.       Orange, New Jersey:
    Bryant & Dillon          Publishers,     1997.    214 pages.         ISBN:
    1889408034.
        Abstract:    Kevin Luttery writes about his experiences with two
        women, Jackie, an African American, and Chris, a white woman.
        Issues of race were always present in his relationship with Chris.
        He not only felt guilty and self-conscious about her being white,
        but she seemed to be unable to believe or accept his experiences
        with discrimination or the significance of race in his everyday life.
        Comparing the two relationships, Luttery draws some conclu-
        sions on how black women and white women differ based on their
        upbringing and the nature of their experiences. Luttery describes
        the painful process of breaking up with Chris and his pursuit of a
        writing career.

382. Lynne, Gloria.       I Wish You Love. Written with Karen Chilton.
     New   York,    New     York:   Tom   Doherty Associates,    2000.     288
     pages; photographs. ISBN: 0312870310 : 0312870299.
        Abstract:   Gloria Lynne, born Gloria Wilson, was born in Harlem
        in 1931.    She was raised in New York and made her debut as a
        singer at Amateur Night at the Apollo Theater when she was four-
        teen years old. She won first prize and soon began getting per-
        formance dates at local clubs. At nineteen, she was married and
        had a son who she left in the care of her mother as her singing
        career took off. Lynne sang in a number of groups before decid-
        ing to go solo. In 1957, she recorded her first album, Miss Gloria
        Lynne. She got her first hit, "I Wish You Love," in 1963.     By this
       time, Lynne was in great demand, but no matter how many
       albums she made and no matter how many appearances she had,
       she could barely make a living. It was not long before she discov-
       ered that recording companies rarely if ever paid their artists.
       Years could go by and millions of records be sold, and the compa-
       nies continued to report to artists that they were still paying off the
       original costs of making the recordings. Lynne found herself in
       and out of prosperous times.        At one point she, her mother, and
       her son lived in a mansion in a wealthy neighborhood. At other
       times, they shared a one-room apartment. In the 1970s, she left
       New York to pursue her career in California. She did well for a
       number of years, but once again became broke and homeless.
       Back in New York in 1986, Lynne performed a number of reunion
       concerts with other jazz performers, and was sponsored by a cou-
       ple she met who paid her rent and gave her living expenses so that
       she could sing and write. Lynne regrets that music today seems to
288        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        require little talent from its performers and that music videos are
        focused on showing as much of the singer's skin as possible. She
        is confident, however, that good music by talented artists will
        endure and that young people will discover and learn to love her
        work. In 1997, she received the Pioneer Award from the Rhythm
        & Blues Foundation, an organization founded by singer Ruth
        Brown and supported by contributions from record companies to
        pay tribute and provide monetary awards to rhythm and blues
        artists who were never properly paid for their recordings.

383. Mabry, Marcus (1967- ). White Bucks and Black-Eyed Peas:
      Coming of Age Black in White America. New York, New York:
      Scribner, 1995. 303 pages. ISBN: 0684196697.
        Abstract: Journalist Mabry tells his story and discusses race rela-
        tionships and the prospects for improvements from his perspec-
        tive as a black man living ina "largely white world" (p. 301). Born
        in 1968, Mabry grew up in his grandmother's house in New Jersey,
        with his mother and brother, several uncles, and an aunt. He
        attributes his success to the hard work and determination of his
        mother and grandmother. Despite this, he describes the early
        years of his childhood as unstable and surrounded by domestic
        turmoil. At sixteen he applied for entrance to Lawrenceville, a
        prestigious residential prep school, and received a full scholar-
        ship. Always a bookworm, Mabry easily adapted to the difficult
         curriculum, but as time went on he felt more and more an out-
         sider.   Although he always had friends and always excelled,
         racism was an ever-present cloud.     Mabry admits that he some-
         times saw racism where it probably wasn't the motivating factor,
         but the reality was that it did permeate society. Expecting to win
         the fourth-form prize, Mabry was told that he didn't because the
         masters felt that he did what he did to prove that black people
         were able to do things as well as white people and that "that was
         not in the spirit of the prize." Mabry writes, "I realized that when
         blacks performed below par we risked being tarred as affirmative
         action candidates, but I had no idea that if we were good, we'd
         be painted as racial zealots, out to prove we were better than
         whites. ... All my accomplishments had been reduced to fodder
         in a war of the races" (p. 142). However, Mabry left Lawrenceville
         appreciative of his experiences there.      He went on to receive
         undergraduate    and   graduate   degrees   in French,   English,   and
         International Relations from Stanford University.      Following
         Stanford and a sojourn in Paris, he began working as a correspon-
         dent for Newsweek. Mabry writes of meeting his father, a judge
         in Florida, for the first time, and of his struggle to reconcile his
                          The Bibliography                              289


        father's life-long absence and neglect of Mabry and his mother
        with his desire to be loved and approved of by him. He also
        writes of his brother's early fatherhood, and the hard work and
        minimum wage jobs he took to help care for his daughter.

384. Mah, Adeline Yen. Falling Leaves: The True Story of an Unwanted
    Chinese Daughter.      New York, New York: John Wiley & Sons,
    1998. 278 pages; photographs; index.             ISBN: 0471247421 :
    0965693015.
        Notes: Also published as Chinese Cinderella: The True Story of an
        Unwanted Daughter. New York, New York: Delacorte, 1999. ISBN:
        0385327072; Falling Leaves: The True Story of an Unwanted Chinese
        Daughter. New York, New York: Broadway Books, 1999. ISBN:
        0767903579; New York: Dell-Laureleaf, 2001. ISBN: 0440228654
        (205 pages).     Originally published London: Michael Joseph.
        Falling Leaves Return to Their Roots: The True Story of an Unwanted
        Chinese Daughter, 1997. Large print edition published Thorndike,
        Maine: Thorndike Press, 1999. ISBN: 0786219149 (437 pages).
        Abstract:   Adeline Mah was born in Tianjin, China, the fifth child
        of wealthy parents. Her mother died soon after her birth, entrust-
        ing Mah to her husband's sister. Her father remarried within a few
        years and all five children were relegated to second-class citizen
        status in the household. Mah's elder sister was favored as a way
        of undermining the other children and her three brothers were
        given decent treatment because they were boys. Mah was singlu-
       larly despised as the fifth child and a girl. Her aunt did everything
       she could for her, encouraging her to excel in her studies as a way
       of becoming independent. Throughout World War II and the
       Chinese revolution, Mah was sent to boarding schools cum
       orphanages as the rest of the family fled to Hong Kong. She was
       only pulled out of China and taken to Hong Kong when her step-
       mother's sister happened to remember she was still in the country.
       Her father eventually took an interest in her academics because
       she always did well and agreed to send her with her brothers to
       medical school in London. Mah became a doctor and found work
       in Hong Kong. Back in Hong Kong, her parents took control of her
       life, dictating her every move, but leaving her in a state of emo-
       tional and material neglect. To escape, she wrote to the Medical
       Education      Department     at the Presbyterian Hospital in
       Philadelphia, which hired her as an intern and loaned her the
       money for a plane ticket to the United States. Soon after her
       arrival, Mah married a man who abused her for years. She and
       her daughter finally left him and went to California, where she
290        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        had a successful practice as an anesthesiologist. She later married
        a man who cared deeply for her and her daughter, but she was
        unable to escape the manipulation of her parents and the equivo-
        cal treatment by her brothers and sisters, many of whom she and
        her husband supported and cared for. After both of her parents
        were dead, Mah found out that she alone had been cut out of any
        inheritance. Her only comfort was being able to go back to Tianjin
         and nurse her aunt in her final days, the aunt who raised her and
         gave her the only love and encouragement Mah ever received
         from her family.

385. Majozo, Estella Conwill.       Come out the Wilderness: Memoir of a
      Black Woman Artist. The Cross-Cultural Memoir Series. New
      York, New York: Feminist Press at the City University of New
      York, 1999.     241 pages; photographs.          ISBN: 1558612068       :
      1558612076.
         Abstract:    Estella Conwill Majozo was born in Louisville,
         Kentucky. Both her mother and grandmother had mystical pow-
         ers and deep Catholic faith. These two women became the main-
         stays in Majozo's life. Following marriage, birth of a daughter,
         and divorce, she went back to school, wading through white-cen-
         tered curriculums, until she finally found a professor who opened
         the door to women's literature and, with it, black women's litera-
         ture. She got a teaching job at the University of Louisville and self-
         published a book of poetry. She and her daughter then moved to
         Iowa, where she took Afro-American Studies at the University of
         Iowa.   It was during this time that Roots, based on the book of the
         same name by Alex Haley, was broadcast on television. It was a
         major event for her and the entire black community, and she real-
         ized the need to communicate the stories of lives, especially black
         lives. The need for a black community took Majozo and her
         daughter back to Louisville, where they found a floundering artis-
         tic community. Majozo, who created her own last name in honor
         of three Black American heroines, Mary McLeod Bethune,
         Josephine Baker, and Zora Neale Hurston, bought a building to
         use as a center for black culture, which she called
         "Blackaleidoscope."   The center taught dance, music, martial arts,
         storytelling, etc. and tutored children in their school work. After
         a second brief marriage and a second child, Majozo was offered a
         job at Hunter College.    While teaching, she and her brother,
         Houston, put together a team of artists that made a pilgrimage to
         many cities around the United States where they created pieces of
         public art, one of which was "Revelations," a peace memorial in
         honor of Martin Luther King, Jr. at Yerba Buena Gardens in San
                          The Bibliography                               291



        Francisco. Her book Libation: A Pilgrimage through the African
        American Soul (Harlem River Press, 1995) is the story of this proj-
        ect, which originated with a poem communicated to Majozo in a
        dream.

386. Majumdar, Debu. From the Ganges to the Snake River: An East
     Indian in the American West. Photographs by Robert Bower.
    Caldwell, Idaho: Caxton Press, 2000. 224 pages; photographs.
    ISBN: 0870043978.
        Notes: Most of the essays in this book were originally published
        in Rendevous: Journal of Arts and Letters (Vol. 33, no. 1). Also pub-
        lished Pocatello, Idaho: Idaho State University Press, 1999. ISBN:
        0937834653 (132 pages).
        Abstract: Majumdar has written a series of essays in which he
        reflects on his adult life in Idaho and his childhood and youth in
        Calcutta.   Majumdar first arrived in the United States to attend
        university in Philadelphia. He eventually earned a Ph.D. in
        physics and began work with a federal lab program which took
        him, his wife, and two sons to Idaho Falls, Idaho.       In his new
        home, he found that even though he had lived in the United States
        for some time, he still had much to learn and many adjustments to
        make. Majumdar's essays reveal his reaction to the significant
        snowfall’ of Idaho, the new experiences of fishing and hunting,
        and the local love of horses. In one essay he compares the Snake
        River with Calcutta's Ganges. He examines the experience of
        being a life-long foreigner and compares his own situation to that
        of the few African Americans living in the state. Majumdar
        attempts to find out about the Shoshone and Bannock tribes of
        Idaho and compares the colonization of the Americas with that of
        India. He also includes a detailed account of his life as a young
        boy in Calcutta.

387. Malvin, John.     North into: Freedom: The Autobiography of John
    Malvin, Free Negro, 1795-1880.     Edited and with an introduction
    by Allan Peskin. Cleveland, Ohio: Western Reserve Historical
    Society, 1996. 93 pages. ISBN: 0911704485.
       Notes:    Originally published: Autobiography        of John Malvin.
       Cleveland: Leader Print Company, 1879.
292        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



388. Manigault, Sandra. Fragments of a Woman's Life: AMemoir. Art
     work by Donald Manigault.       Stafford, Virginia: Godosan
      Publications, 2000.       96 pages; illustrations.     ISBN: 0965854116.
         Abstract: Sandra Manigault is a writer, teacher, artist, motivation-
         al speaker, and conference facilitator. She has degrees from Long
         Island University and Pennsylvania State University. She has
         taught mathematics at the high school and community-college
         levels in New York and Virginia. Currently she works with her
         husband at his Manigault Institute, which offers preparation
         courses     for the SAT    and   educational    workshops     for students,
         teachers, and parents. They also present motivational sessions
         together. In her book, Manigault writes brief profiles of her par-
         ents, children, and husband.       She reflects on her work as a teacher
         of mathematics and on what makes a worthwhile life. Manigault
         describes the writing life and her experiences while on sabbatical.
         She   includes    memories       of church,    traveling   through   North
         Carolina with her mother, and attending various artistic events
         featuring her son or daughter. She also explores different ways to
         reach an understanding of mathematics, including through music
         and art. Another book by Manigault is The Book for Math
         Empowerment: Rethinking the Subject of Mathematics (Godosan
         Publications, Inc.).

389. Mar, M. Elaine (1966- ). Paper Daughter:              A Memoir.    New York,
      New York: HarperCollins, 1999. 292 pages. ISBN: 0060182938.
         Notes: Published in paperback New York: Harper Perennial, 2000.
         ISBN: 0060930527.
         Abstract:     M. (Man Yee) Elaine Mar writes about her childhood,
         from her birth in Hong Kong to her graduation from Harvard. She
         spent her first years living with her parents in a Hong Kong apart-
         ment along with four other families.           When she was about four,
         her father immigrated to Denver, Colorado to live with relatives
         and work in a Chinese restaurant. She and her mother followed
         two years later, in 1972. The family made their home in the base-
         ment of the house of a relative to whom they were constantly
         beholden. Mar lived a nightmare at school, where she was con-
         stantly taunted and teased and treated as an outsider. Her par-
         ents, to whom hard work and self-sacrifice were only natural, had
         a difficult time understanding her problems. She writes about the
         Chinese restaurant in which the entire family worked, about being
         temporarily forced out of the business, and about their further
         descent into poverty. As a teenager, she discovered some comfort
         and refuge in writing.           She was accepted into the Telluride
                            The Bibliography                              293


        Association Summer Program, a scholarship-only seminar for
        high school students at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York.
        That summer, spent with young people to whom she could relate,
        gave her a first look at the world outside her school, family, their
        restaurant, and Denver. The following year she was accepted at
        Harvard and made an almost complete break from her family.

390. MarDock, Julian (1918- ). The First of Many: The Story of a
     Pioneering Chinese Family Who Lived in Texas for One Hundred
    Years.   Austin, Texas: Nortex Press, 1998.          166 pages; photo-
    graphs; facsimiles. ISBN: 1571689230.
        Abstract:     In The First of Many, Julian MarDock tells his story as
        well as that of his father, Sam MarDock. His father was born Mar
        Yum Eh and emigrated from China in 1875 at the age of thirteen.
        Sam arrived in California with his uncle and worked on ranches,
        with the railroad as a cook, and as a translator. He moved to Tyler,
        Texas, with a cousin in hopes of owning property and becoming a
        citizen.    Together, and with the help of the local business commu-
       nity, MarDock and his cousin opened a café. Their business was
       prosperous and MarDock returned to China to arrange his mar-
        riage. His wife, aged sixteen at the time, did not come over to the
       United States for another fifteen years. Once settled in Tyler,
       MarDock and his wife, Wong, had three children, Julian, Lucille,
       and Sam Jr. Julian MarDock describes his childhood in the ethni-
       cally diverse railroad town of Tyler. His father was a respected
       member of the community. During his most prosperous times, he
       was generous with his land, provided work for unemployed rail-
       road men, and fed the hungry. Because of U.S. immigration laws,
       however, Sam was never able to become a citizen.        Julian and his
       siblings felt at home and comfortable in Tyler. Their first real
       experiences with discrimination came from outside. When com-
       peting in out-of-town sports events, they were often jeered by the
       home team, and when they first looked for work, many business-
       es refused to allow them to apply. MarDock attended Tyler Junior
       College and the University of Texas at Austin. He and his older
       brother both joined the aviation cadet program during World War
       II. After recovering from serious injuries sustained in a plane
       crash, Julian was sent to England. After being discharged from the
       Air Force, he attended medical school at Cornell University. He
       and his wife had five children together. In 1955, the family sought
       to make their mother, Wong, a U.S. citizen, but her application was
       denied. Cut off from any connection to her native land, at eighty-
       two, she traveled with Julian and his family to San Francisco in an
       unsuccessful effort to find family or members of her village. Both
294        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         Sam and Wong, however, felt at home and content in Texas. Julian
         MarDock writes, "We look back to the past with respect and love.
         We look forward to the future with faith, hope, and love” (p. 162).

SedipMariano, Eleodoro Barawed (1907-1995). Papant’s Diaries: The
     Diaries of Eleodoro Mariano (1907-1995). [Compiled and Edited
      by Joseph Mariano].      Flushing, New York: Joseph Mariano,
      1997. 216 pages. ISBN: none.

392. Mars, James (b. 1790). Life of James Mars: A Slave Born and Sold
     in Connecticut: Written by Himself. Chapel Hill, North Carolina:
     Academic Affairs Library, University of North Carolina at
      Chapel Hill, 2000.
         http://docsouth.unc.edu/neh/mars/mars.sgml
         http://docsouth.unc.edu/neh/mars/mars.html
         Notes: Documenting the American South (Project).

rae Marshall, Joseph, Jr. Street Soldier: One Man's Struggle to Save a
      Generation, One Life at a Time.    Written with Lonnie Wheeler.
      New York, New York: Delacorte Press, 1996. 305 pages. ISBN:
      0385314302.
         Notes: Also published New York: Delta Trade Paperbacks, 1997.
         ISBN: 0385317069.
         Abstract: Joseph Marshall grew up in South Central Los Angeles.
         He describes his family as loving and supportive and he was
         encouraged by both his parents and grandparents to lead a life of
         learning. In 1964, he enrolled at the University of San Francisco
         under the mistaken impression that it had a large black enroll-
         ment. It was there, however, that he became interested in African-
         American history after reading a book on Malcolm X, and he set
         out to educate himself about African-American achievements and
         history. After graduation, Marshall was hired as a full-time
         teacher and assigned     to the San Francisco     School   District's
         Guidance Service Center, which he directed for five years. There,
         he worked with many abandoned children and quickly developed
         a sense of the immensity of the problems facing teenagers. Next
         Marshall became a math teacher at Potrero Hill Middle School.
         There he met Jack Jacqua, who       worked    with the counseling
         department. Jacqua was absolutely committed to helping children
         who were at risk. Marshall describes the many discussions he and
         Jacqua had about individual children from the school, the fate of
                         The Bibliography                                295


       graduates, and the crisis situation for teenagers on the street.
       These conversations formed the basis for a close working relation-
       ship, and together they formed the Omega Boys Club. This club,
       intended for African-American students, focused on academics,
       staying away from drug use and out of gang culture, and learning
       African-American history and culture. Thirty students attended
       the first meeting of the club, and the program quickly developed
       and expanded to include college preparation classes, peer coun-
       seling, counseling at juvenile homes and prisons, and a radio pro-
       gram called Street Soldier. Street Soldiers provided an avenue for
       teenagers in trouble, often affiliated with gangs, to talk about their
       problems and aspirations, to seek advice and support, and to start
       new lives. Marshall describes some of the success stories, some of
       the more ambiguous achievements, and letters and testimony
       from club members. Eventually, Marshall was able to introduce
       some of his programs to young people in South Central Los
       Angeles. He found a station to broadcast Street Soldiers, and he
       worked with members of the Bloods and Crips gangs to seek a
       remedy to the relentless pattern of killing and revenge. Marshall
       and his colleagues also started the Omega Institute to train indi-
       viduals to start up programs similar to the Omega Boys Club. In
       1994, Marshall received an Essense award, a Children's Defense
       Fund Leadership award, and a MacArthur Fellowship.

394. Mason, Betty Hopkins.       Closed Chapter: An African American
    Educator's Memoir.    New York, New York: Vantage Press, 2000.
    179 pages; photographs; index. ISBN: none.
       Abstract: Mason was born in 1928 in Tulsa, Oklahoma. She writes
       that Tulsa was rigidly segregated and that it was not unusual for
       an African-American child to reach adulthood without having had
       any significant contact with white people. Mason's father, who
       worked for a tire company, died when she was twelve. Her moth-
       er worked as a domestic. When she was urged to break up her
       family after her husband died, she refused. She was determined
       to not only raise all of her children but to realize her and her hus-
       band's dream of sending them all to college. Mason graduated
       from Bishop College in Texas, married, and moved to Dallas.
       Unable to find work as a teacher in Dallas, Mason got a job as a
       newspaper editor and worked on the voter registration drive for
       the NAACP. After divorcing her husband, Mason and her daugh-
       ter decided to move to California, where Mason's brothers were
       already living. They settled in Oakland, and Mason began work-
       ing for the Berkeley school district. She moved steadily up the
       ladder, starting as a teacher and receiving a quick succession of
296        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        promotions, including director of Title I schools, assistant princi-
        pal, and director of pre-kindergarten and elementary instruction.
        Mason returned to Oklahoma to be director of high schools in
        Oklahoma City. While there, she earned her doctorate in educa-
        tional administration. By the time she left for the position of
        superintendent of the Gary, Indiana school district, Mason had
        been promoted to assistant superintendent in Oklahoma City.
        Mason started out in a strong position in Gary by helping the
         school district avert a teacher's strike, but the school board was in
         a period of transition, and Mason soon realized that she was at
         odds with the majority of its members. After two years of having
         all of her proposals rejected by the board, she returned to
         Oklahoma City, where she was reinstated as assistant superin-
         tendent of the school district. She soon became acting superin-
         tendent and then superintendent. Mason was the first African-
         American woman to hold the position of school district superin-
         tendent in the state. She retired in 1995 after thirty-two years in
         public education.

395. Mason, Gilbert R. Beaches, Blood & Ballots: A Black Doctor's Civil
      Rights Struggle. Written with James Patterson Smith. Margaret
      Walker Alexander Series in African American Studies.
      Jackson, Mississippi: University Press of Mississippi, 2000. 227
      pages; photographs. ISBN: 1578062780.
         Abstract:   A native Mississipian, Mason grew up with Jim Crow
         and segregation, but also with a father who "talked freedom." He
         attended Tennessee State University and graduated with distinc-
         tion in 1949 with a double major in biology and chemistry. Mason
         was accepted into the Howard University medical school and was
         the first African-American extern at St. Elizabeth's Hospital in
         Washington, D.C. He chose to return to Mississippi with his wife,
         Natalie, and son, Gilbert Jr, to set up practice in Biloxi in 1955.
         The town had a twenty-six-mile stretch of beach that had always
         been whites only. Mason wanted to challenge that restriction and
         organized a wade-in in 1959. Nine people participated in the
         wade-in, including Mason and his young son, and all were arrest-
         ed. In a subsequent wade-in in 1960, Mason organized a larger
         number of protestors, but as local police and FBI agents looked on,
         participants were brutally attacked by whites, and two men were
         killed. Mason writes, "Jim Crowism was a wild, mad-dog system
         in its effects. How else could you explain how the simple desire
         of 125 people to use a few yards of a twenty-six-mile long beach
         could trigger such rage, mayhem, and murder?" (p. 78). Mason
         continued to press for access to the beach, and in 1968, the U.S.
                        The Bibliography                              297,


       Supreme Court upheld an appeals court ruling in favor of opening
       it up to African Americans. Mason describes his work in desegre-
       gating the school system with his son as the lead plaintiff. Biloxi
       children first began attending desegregated schools in 1964, with
       full integration finally achieved in 1970. Mason, a vice president
       for the Mississippi Conference of the NAACP for thirty-three
       years, stresses the importance of local motivation and participa-
       tion in all of the protest movements in Biloxi and elsewhere in
       Mississippi. He writes that although they took advantage of
       NAACP advice and legal assistance, all desegregation and voting
       rights efforts were locally initiated. Mason continued to work for
       the rights of African Americans in Biloxi on issues such as hunger
       and discriminatory treatment. He concludes with his wish that
       "[W]e affirm the children, and so give them unconquerable spirits
       and the faith and determination to keep climbing" (p. 206).

396. Massaquoi, Hans J. Destined to Witness: Growing Up Black in
     Nazi Germany.  New York, New York: William Morrow &
    Company, 1999. 443 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0688171559.
       Notes: Published in paperback New York: Perennial, 2001. ISBN:
       0060959614.
       Abstract: Massaquoi was born in Germany to a white mother,
       Bertha, and Al-Haj, the son of the General Consul to Germany
       from Liberia. The three lived together, but the couple never mar-
       ried, and when the Massaquoi family went back to Liberia, moth-
       er and child remained behind. In 1932, when Massaquoi began
       attending school, the Nazi Party was coming to power and Nazi
       hysteria was taking over the country and the school system.
       Taken in by the propaganda along with everyone else, it took
       years for Massaquoi, one of a very few blacks in the country, to
       associate the treatment he received with Hitler and the Nazis. As
       political conditions deteriorated in Germany, Bertha was fired
       from her job for being politically unreliable, and mother and child
       began to make do on what she could earn at menial jobs. Not fit
       for college because he was officially non-Aryan, Massaquoi
       apprenticed as a machinist. Although he came close to being
       arrested on a number of occasions, he and his mother survived the
       war.   Massaquoi's skin color became an asset during the Allied
       occupation, both because of the sense of solidarity Massaquoi
       shared with the African-American soldiers and because it was
       often assumed that he must be an American. Not eligible for
       refugee aid, Massaquoi spent several years surviving as a musi-
       cian and black market trader. After an unsuccessful reunion with
298      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



       his father in Liberia, he received a student visa to the United States
       and went to live with maternal relatives in Illinois. After settling
       with an aunt and uncle who farmed in Illinois, Massaquoi was
       drafted into the U.S. Army and was slated to fight in Korea. He
       notes that he was not ready to give his life to a country to which
       he had such a tenuous connection and managed to stall until the
       situation in Korea had begun to stabilize. Both his experiences in
       Illinois and in the army exposed him to American-style racism and
       this deadened any ideas he had of an idyllic life in the United
       States. After serving in the military, Massaquoi was able to bring
       his mother over from Germany. Now a journalist, he has made
       return trips to Liberia and Hamburg, Germany, on a regular basis.
       He is the general manager of Ebony Magazine.

397. Masumoto, David Mas. Epitaph for a Peach: Four Seasons on My
     Family Farm. San Francisco, California: HarperSanFrancisco,
     1995. 223 pages; photographs. ISBN: 006251024x : 0062510258.
       Abstract: A third-generation Japanese-American farmer in the
       San Juaquin Valley of California, David Masumoto writes about
       farming and his philosophy of life in general. In August 1987,
       Masumoto wrote an article for the Los Angeles Times on a variety of
       peach, the Sun Crest, with superior flavor and texture which he
       was going to give up because the color and short shelf life made it
       difficult to sell. Reaction to the article was overwhelmingly in
       favor of keeping the orchard. "The day the bulldozer arrived, I
       met it out in the fields and stopped it from entering my Sun Crest
       orchard. I decided to keep those trees for one more harvest" (p. 3).
       The book then goes through the next year, describing the year-
       long process of preparing a field, caring for a crop, harvesting and
       selling it, and then taking account of the crop after costs and sales.
       While discussing his work, Masumoto also talks about his move
       into organic and more natural farming methods, the influence
       farming has had on his marriage and the way he raises his chil-
       dren, and the connection it has helped him to maintain with his
       extended family, surrounding farmers, and the Japanese-
       American community. In the end, Masumoto succeeded in his
       farming enterprise because a company specializing in organic
       baby food bought the entire crop, and the yield from his peaches
       balanced losses from his poor raisin crop. The baby food compa-
       ny, however, would only buy the single crop, and Masumoto was
       again left looking for a buyer for the next year.
                          The Bibliography                               299


398. —. Harvest Son: Planting Roots in American Soil. New York,
     New York: W. W. Norton & Company, 1998. 302 pages; photo-
     graphs. ISBN: 0393046737 : 0393319741.
        Abstract: David Mas Masumoto is a third-generation Japanese
        American (Sansei) who chose to come home to Del Rey, California,
        after graduation from University of California at Berkeley. He
        returned to work on the family farm begun by his father and
        grandfather following their release from internment camps at the
        end of World War II. The family raises peaches, especially the Sun
        Crest variety which they sell under the Masumoto Family Farm
        name, and grapes, which are used exclusively for raisins.
        Masumoto writes about life on the farm, all of the work involved
        in caring for the peach trees and vineyards and the countless risks
        involved in farming. He describes the aspects of his life and work
        that he is especially fond of, such as planting wildflowers for
        groundcover, finding treasures in the family junk pile, having
        short but meaningful exchanges with his father, and teaching his
        daughter to operate a tractor. He also writes about the Japanese-
        American community in Del Rey: how the elders survived the
        long years in internment camps and then found new homes on
        farms in California, first renting and then buying the land. Now
        the community is shrinking, as Issei (first-generation) and Nisei
        (second-generation) farmers die out, and the Sansei make their
        homes and occupations elsewhere. In many ways, Masumoto has
        led the life of an obedient Japanese-American son and in others he
        has made his own mark. He is trying to farm using more sustain-
        able, environmentally friendly methods than those normally used.
        His wife is the only Caucasian in the Japanese-American commu-
        nity, and they have the first interracial children. His wife, despite
        her different cultural background, participates in all community
        activities and, he acknowledges, her job in town makes it possible
        for the farm to stay afloat in uncertain times.

399. McBride, James. The Color of Water: A Black Man's Tribute to His
     White Mother. New York: Riverhead Books, 1996. 228 pages;
    photographs. ISBN: 1573220221.
        Notes: Published in paperback in 1997. ISBN: 1573225789.
        Abstract: James McBride alternates the story of his mother with
        his own story. His mother, born Ruth Shilsky, emigrated from
        Poland with her family in 1921 and grew up in Suffolk, Virginia
        where her father was the local rabbi and eventually a shopkeeper.
        A lack of attention and affection eventually drove her from her
        home and to New York, where she met and married Andrew D.
300       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        McBride, a young man (half black and half Native American) who,
        with her, started a church in their living room. She and Andrew
        had seven children together, and she was pregnant with their
        eighth when Andrew died of lung cancer. She remarried a black
        man, Hunter Jordan, with whom          she had four more    children.
        When explaining to her son why she never left the African-
        American community, she talks about how her own family turned
        her away when she was widowed           and destitute, and how the
        members of their church, the housing project they lived in, and her
        first husband's family came to her aid, and how they encouraged
        her to marry Hunter Jordan. “That's how black folks thought back
        then. That's why I never veered from the black side. I would have
        never even thought of marrying a white man" (p. 193). McBride
        grew up in a world that revolved around his enormous family,
        especially his mother. He describes in detail his home life, which
        while it appeared to border on dysfunction and anarchy, was actu-
        ally in the iron grip of his mother, who decreed that nothing mat-
        tered as long as you stayed in school and went to church. He had
        a rough youth, including involvement with drugs and crime that
        was triggered by the death of his stepfather when he was fourteen.
        While McBride finally recovered, thanks especially to a stepsister,
        finished high school, went on to college and a promising career in
        music and journalism, he continued to search for his own identity.
        Race was not a subject his mother would discuss. This book was
        the culmination of his lifetime of struggle. It is a sorting out of his
        own life that he was able to do as his mother very gradually told .
        him hers. His conclusion about himself and his siblings, all twelve
        of whom are successful professionals who maintain close contact
        with each other, is that they are their mother's "own nation, a rain-
        bow coalition .. . a rainbow coalition . . ." (p. 217).

400. McCall, Nathan.     What's Going on: Personal Essays. New York,
      New York: Random       House,    1997.    217 pages; index.      ISBN:
      0679455892.
        Notes: Also published New York: Vintage Books, 1999.           ISBN:
        0375701508.
        Abstract:   After writing Makes Me Wanna Holler (Random House,
        1994) and experiencing the reactions of people to it and their
        approaches to him to help with their own searching, McCall felt
        compelled to write this book as a follow up. In it McCall recounts
        not only his personal experiences, but his "perceptions about some
        of the issues that divide people and keep us racially polarized."
        He feels that there are many situations in which blacks and whites
                         The Bibliography                                 301


       have deeply rooted assumptions that prevent blacks from
       excelling in all fields. In exploring these perceptions, McCall dis-
       cusses     professional sports, in which, he says, both black and
       white competitors believe that "blacks are more gifted as athletes
       than whites but that God somehow shortchanged brothers on
       brains." In the chapter, "Airing Dirty Laundry," which McCall
       "respectfully requests that white people abstain from reading," he
       criticizes the unwritten rule against blacks criticizing people of
       their own race in a public arena. In yet another chapter, McCall
       speaks of the need for whites to have true spiritual leadership:
       "Blacks can't look to white folks to save them. White folks can't
       even save themselves."

401. McCline, John (1852-1948).       Slavery in the Clover Bottoms: John
    McCline’s Narrative of His Life during Slavery and the Civil War.
    Edited by Jan Furman. Voices of the Civil War. Knoxville,
    Tennessee: University of Tennessee Press, 1998. 155 pages.
    ISBN: 1572330074.
       Abstract: This manuscript, given by John McCline to his employ-
       er, H. J. Hagerman,     in 1932,   begins   around   1858.   It covers
       McCline's years as a slave on the Hoggett Plantation in Middle
       Tennessee and his service with the Union Army. McCline pro-
       vides a vivid description of the Hoggett Plantation and its sur-
       roundings. The plantation itself covered one thousand cultivated
       acres plus pasture and was maintained by one hundred slaves.
       McCline remembers that everyone feared the appearance of Mrs.
       Hoggett. "She was never without her whip, in fact it was always
       in evidence and as much a part of her being as her pink sun bon-
       net” (p. 19). He also recalls the brutality of Phillips, the overseer,
       and the outright murder of an adult slave who refused to be intim-
       idated.   McCline writes of the excitement among the slaves as
       rumors of war began to circulate. Word of John Brown's activities
       motivated all the enslaved men in the area to find guns, and the
       announcement of the election of Lincoln was cause for rejoicing.
       McCline witnessed both the Confederate and Union armies
       marching through the plantation, with the latter camping and
       headquartering there for a number of weeks. He remembers that
       the soldiers were friendly to the slaves, paying some of them for
       work and encouraging them to follow the army to freedom.
       McCline left his plantation mule by the side of the road one day
       and followed the Thirteenth Infantry Regiment from Michigan,
       staying with the company asa muleteer until the end of the war.
       McCline witnessed the battle of Lookout Mountain and marched
       through Atlanta with Sherman's army. As the regiment made its
302        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        way to North Carolina and Virginia, it was followed by thousands
        of fugitive slaves: "[T]here were times when many of them were
        on the point of starvation, and at such times many of them were
        told they would have to shift for themselves. How they managed
        to get anything at all, was a mystery to all of us" (p. 99). After the
        war, McCline went with his regiment to Washington, D.C. and
        was released from service in St. Louis. He made his way to
        Michigan, working there, in Chicago, and then St. Louis before
        heading to Colorado and the Southwest, where he spent the rest of
        his life.

402. McCray, Billy Quincy (1927- ). Between These Walls: Working for
      the People. Written with Jon Roe.       Newton, Kansas: Mennonite
      Press, 2000. 179 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0967709210.
        Abstract: In 1966, reapportionment created a new seventy-sev-
        enth district in Wichita, Kansas. Residents of that district con-
        vinced Boeing photographer Billy Q. McCray to run for the newly
        established seat in the Kansas House. He ran a very personal, low
        budget, door-to-door campaign and won by a respectable margin.
        As a new legislator, McCray set out "on a self-appointed mission
        to make life appreciably better . . . for the 80,000 people of my race
        throughout the state and to make life more fair and just for every-
         one" (p. 42). His work in the Kansas House included passage of
         fair-housing legislation and instituting African-American history
         as part of the Kansas public school curriculum. With other black
         house members, McCray formed the Minority Caucus with the
         aim of creating a statewide coalition to maximize the combined
         influence of all minorities.   In 1972, McCray ran for the state sen-
         ate and won. He was the only black senator at that time. Feeling
         comfortable with his constituency, McCray acted as an independ-
         ent Democrat, and voted as he saw appropriate rather than
         according to party wishes. He addressed bussing issues and
         established the Kansas Food Bank and the Black Historical
         Society. In 1982, McCray lost his bid for Kansas secretary of state.
         He knew the race would be difficult and his campaign funds were
         minimal, but he felt that it was important for an African American
         to run for state office. After this, McCray was appointed director
         of the state's Division of Minority Business. In this position, he
         focused on training the minority business community to go
         through the state bidding process and encouraging banks to make
         loans more accessible to them. In his tenure as director, state con-
         tracts with these businesses quintupled. McCray once again ran
         for office in 1986, this time for a seat on the Sedgwick County
         Commission. He won his race and served nearly two terms. He
                         The Bibliography                               303


        resigned in 1993 to spend time with his wife, who was suffering
        from a serious heart problem. Before his wife died in 1995,
        McCray worked with her to establish a community newspaper
        which they called Community Voice.

403. McCray, Carrie Allen. Freedom's Child: The Life of a Confederate
     General’s Black Daughter.    Chapel Hill, North Carolina:
     Algonquin Books of Chapel Hill, 1998. 269 pages. ISBN:
     1565121864.
        Notes: Also published as Freedom's Child: The Story of My Mother,
        a Confederate General's Black Daughter. New York: Penguin Books,
        1999. ISBN: 0140282521.
        Abstract:   Carrie Allen McCray, born in 1913, was her mother's
        ninth child. McCray was seventy-three, a retired social worker
        and teacher, when she became a writer and began researching her
        mother's life and putting together her own memories of her.
        McCray's mother, Mary Magdalene Rice, was the daughter of for-
        mer slave Malinda Rice and her employer, Brigadier General John
        Robert Jones, CSA, Ret. Mary's relationship with her father after
        her mother's death is not clear, but while she was alive, he doted
        on her, taking her many places Negroes were not allowed. Mary
        went to Hartshorn Memorial College and excelled scholastically.
        Her education was cut short, however, when she married Gregory
        Willis Hayes, the thirty-two-year-old president of Virginia
        Seminary. The two had seven children together and were known
        as a devoted couple. Mary learned about fighting for equality
        from her first husband. McCray notes: "Gregory gave her the
        courage to fight not only racism but sexism and any other unfair-
        ness wherever she saw it. All through our young lives, we
        watched Mama going out the front door in that red felt cloche hat,
        on her way to fight for 'full freedom" (p. 85). Ahead of the times
       her entire life, Mary served as interim president of the college for
       two years after Hayes's untimely death. She remarried William
       Patterson Allen, a black lawyer, one of the first turn-of-the-centu-
       ry blacks to graduate from the University of Michigan Law School.
       They had three daughters, including the author.         The family
       moved to Montclair, New Jersey, where Allen was able to earn a
       good living as lawyer to blacks and other minorities. Mary never
       stopped fighting for civil rights. She was gentle but persistent as
       she led her local branch of the NAACP, raised money for blacks in
       danger of losing their land, fought for equality in education, per-
       suaded many local businesses to serve blacks, and went door to
       door urging women to vote. Just as persistently as she dealt with
304        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         major civic matters, she took on local projects. She befriended and
         housed many poor and displaced persons, and her home served
         as a Thursday gathering place for black people to get together on
         their day off. The family also hosted many black artists who were
         a part of the Harlem Renaissance. McCray found a large number
         of the letters her mother had written in support of her causes in
         the NAACP files housed in the Library of Congress. This was how
         she discovered that her mother continued to work on civil rights
         activities almost until the day she died at the age of sixty after an
         extended period of ill health.

404. McDonald, Janet.      Project Girl.   New York, New York: Farrar,
      Straus, and Giroux, 1999.        231 pages; photographs.           ISBN:
      0374237573.
         Notes: Also published University of California Press, 2000. ISBN:
         0520223454.
         Abstract: Lawyer Janet McDonald grew up in what she called the
         traditional American family, with a father, mother, and seven chil-
         dren, in the housing projects of Brooklyn. She was a high achiev-
         er in school and was skipped through several grades. She was
         accepted into and attended the mostly white Erasmus Hall High
         School. As she was more interested in fitting in than in academic
         achievement, she ended up taking make-up classes at night and
         during the summer before earning her diploma. She knew that
         she was smart enough to succeed academically, but lacked the
         self-confidence and guidance she needed to pursue college admis-
         sion. She attended classes at Harlem Preparatory School, where
         she received the support she needed. From there she was accept-
         ed to Vassar College. At college she was again plagued by insecu-
         rity, and began taking heroin. McDonald graduated from Vassar,
         majoring in French, and spent two years studying and working in
         Paris. She was accepted at Cornell University Law School and
         was raped during her first year there. The trauma of the trial and
         lack of support left her suicidal and dependent on drugs and alco-
         hol.   After a leave   of absence,   she transferred   to New    York
         University, where she began setting fires in the dormitory.
         McDonald was emotionally depleted, angry, seriously depressed,
         and terrified. Her rapist had been sent to prison, but was released
         after three years. He threatened to sue the district attorney's office
         for false imprisonment. In the midst of her personal struggles,
         McDonald began attending Columbia School of Journalism, grad-
         uated, and was readmitted to New York University. She graduat-
         ed at the age of thirty-two, and was hired to work at a prestigious
                         The Bibliography                               305


        white law firm. Never comfortable with her environment and still
        struggling to recover from the rape, McDonald left New York and
        moved to a new law firm in Seattle. Required to testify against her
        rapist once more, ten years after the crime, McDonald    felt strong
       enough and understood the legal tactics well enough to withstand
        the defense attorney's attacks on her. The rapist was returned to
        prison. McDonald pursued and succeeded in fulfilling her dream
        of returning to Paris. There she works as an international corpo-
        rate lawyer.

405. McDowell, Deborah E. Leaving Pipe Shop: Memories of Kin. New
    York, New York: Scribner, 1996. 285 pages; photographs. ISBN:
    0684814498.
       Notes: Also published New York: W. W. Norton & Company,
       1998. ISBN: 0393318435.
       Abstract: McDowell's father, uncle, and grandfather all worked at
        the U.S. Pipe and Foundry, the "Pipe Shop," in Bessemer, Alabama.
        Her grandfather worked there for forty-four years starting at the
       age of sixteen, and her father for thirty years. Employment prac-
       tices at Pipe Shop had the white workers on one track that allowed
       for advancement and the African-American workers on another
       track that kept them at a single level their entire working career.
       The work her father did was menial and dangerous, and employ-
       ees could barely live on their wages. When investigating her
       father's work at Pipe Shop, McDowell found that he had started at
       just over $1.00 an hour, and thirty years later was receiving just
       over $4.00 an hour. Twenty years after his death, McDowell's aunt
       encouraged her to file a claim for asbestos poisoning for her father.
       She was doubtful about whether she could do this, but went back
       to Pipe Shop to see the places in question and to look into her
       father's records. During the investigation of her father's working
       career, McDowell re-examines her childhood and family. She was
       born in 1951 and was raised as much by her grandmothers as her
       parents. She learned to read at the age of four-and-a-half by read-
       ing the Bible with her Great Grandmother Edie. Her extended
       family was large and close, despite conflicts and anger, and there
       was a structure of care and a set of rules for the children to abide
       by, primarily enforced by the network of grandparents and great
       grandparents. McDowell remembers that as the grandparents
       began to sicken and die, the fibers that held the family together
       began to disintegrate. In 1956, she began attending Pipe Shop
       Elementary, which remained a fully segregated school even after
       the Brown v. Board of Education desegregation ruling. It was not
306       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



       until fifteen years later that the first signs of desegregation began
       to appear in Pipe Shop. McDowell went to college at the Tuskegee
       Institute and received her Ph.D. from Purdue University.

406. McElroy, Colleen J. A Long Way from St. Louie: Travel Memoirs.
     Minneapolis, Minnesota: Coffee House Press, 1997. 241 pages.
     ISBN: 1566890594.
        Abstract: Poet and college professor Colleen J. McElroy writes
        about her world travels. She is constantly drawn to travel, and her
        motto is "There is something out there beckoning me. I don't
        know what; I don't know where. But I can hardly wait for my tick-
        et to get there" (p. 241). She visits different countries, always with
        specific travel goals in mind, and she writes not only about what
        she has seen, but what she has to go through to meet each of these
        goals. In addition, she finds herself an anomaly—a black woman
        traveling alone in a foreign country—and many of her experiences
        are related to local reactions to her color. On her trip to Egypt, she
        takes a trip down the Nile.
                 "Nubian," the boatman       said, pointing to me.
                 "Nubian," he said, pointing to himself.       I was
                 tempted to correct him, but on second glance,
                 one of the women . . . looked somewhat like my
                 cousin Loveta, the same complexion and high
                 cheekbones, the same pout of lower lip. I
                 thought, if I could be mistaken for Ethiopian in
                  Italy, Tuareg in Morocco, and Garifuna in Belize,
                  I could certainly be Nubian in Egypt.      (p. 219)
        McElroy uses her travels to try to learn about the people in each
        country, their cultures and sensibilities, and she does her best to
        conform to both. When told that Ayers Rock in Australia is a
        sacred place for the Aboriginal people and that they do not
        approve of tourists climbing it, she instead takes a hike around it.
        When her friends at home ask her if she climbed it, her response
        is, "No, but I didn't climb Notre Dame, either" (p. 227). In similar
        ways she travels in Mexico, through the Yucatan forest, Peru,
        Malaysia, Japan, and Fiji. Extended stays in Germany and
        Yugoslavia offer intimate observations of those cultures.
        Although McElroy participates in tours when this is the most
        expedient way to get a foothold in a new place, she avoids them
        as much as possible, and gives her reasons for this attitude, writ-
        ing with humor about tours, tour guides and her fellow tourists.
                         The Bibliography                               307


407. McGill, Nicole. Kindred Spirits: Family Legends & Childhood
     Memories. Jacksonville, Florida: China Grove, 1997. 59 pages;
    photographs. ISBN: 1575025590.
        Abstract: In this collection of columns for the Florida Times-Union
        of Jacksonville, Florida, journalist Nicole McGill remembers bits
        and pieces of her childhood, portrays her grandparents, and
       relates family history. She says that she writes because it is impor-
       tant for children to know the history of their family. McGill recalls
       her childhood summers in Kannapolis, North Carolina visiting
       her grandparents. On her first trip, she was amazed to discover
       that her grandmothers were black. In her mind, she'd always pic-
       tured the aged, gray-haired white grandmothers in her storybooks
       and it hadn't occurred to her that hers would look any different.
       McGill tells about ancestors who were slaves, her grandfather who
       learned to read at age seventy-three, her recollections of having
       her hair straightened, and more. McGill concludes by providing
       tips on researching family history.

408. McGown, Ruby. The Real Ruby: Movin' on, Movin’ on. Fort
     Wayne, Indiana: Ivy and Ruby Guidance Inn, 1999. 71 pages;
    photographs. ISBN: 1883517133.
       Abstract: Ruby McGown's memories go back to when she was six
       years old. She was unwanted and neglected. Although she
       worked in the fields, she attended school whenever possible and
       finished the ninth grade.    At fourteen, McGown     was pregnant.
       She left Mississippi with her baby and $30.00 and headed for
       Chicago and then Fort Wayne, Indiana, where she still lives. She
       had five more children, one of whom died at the age of twelve.
       She was always happy to be a mother and determined to let her
       children know that they were loved. McGown worked at a vari-
       ety of jobs and attended Purdue University, where she studied
       Home Economics and Food and Nutrition. Working for the state
       extension, she visited unwed mothers, many of whom seemed
       unprepared to care for themselves or their children. In 1970,
       McGown bought a three-bedroom house and established the Ivy
       and Ruby Guidance Inn. Motivated by her own unhappy child-
       hood, she worked to help other unfortunate girls become good
       mothers by providing them with a temporary shelter, basic educa-
       tion in caring for themselves    and their children, and access to
       food, medical care, and permanent housing. The Guidance Inn
       was eventually moved to a ten-bedroom house, and McGown con-
       tinues to work there full time and without pay. Many people have
       contributed to the success of the Inn, and McGown thanks the
308        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         many teachers, doctors, lawyers, judges, electricians, grants writ-
         ers, and pastors who have volunteered       their services over the
         years.

409. McLin, C. J., Jr. (1921-1988). Dad, I Served: The Autobiography of
     C. J. McLin, Jr. As told to Mimmie Fells Johnson. Edited by
      Sarah Byrn Rickman and Lillie P. Howard. Dayton, Ohio:
      Wright State University, Office of Public Relations, 1998. 166
      pages; photographs. ISBN: 0966164709.
         Abstract: McLin was inspired by his father's service to the
         African-American community in the early stages of the Civil
         Rights Movement, leading pickets and boycotts as early as 1935.
         One of his earliest efforts led to the hiring of blacks at the Dayton
         Kroger Store. Although his family received threats because of his
         father's work, McLin writes that his time in the U.S. Army was
         even more harrowing than his childhood. Segregation was the
         norm, from eating and sleeping quarters to toilets and drinking
         fountains. McLin was not one to take discrimination or racism
         quietly, and he rebelled actively and loudly. He didn't regret his
         actions, even though it meant he was not promoted. "At least they
         knew [had arrived" (p. 44), he comments. The black soldiers were
         only allowed to take the bus into town on Saturdays, and McLin
         staged one of his more memorable protests when he and several
         others tried to take the bus on a different day. The soldiers formed
         a blockade to stop the bus from moving ahead, and when the bus
         driver refused to let them on, they rocked it and actually lifted it
         off the ground. In the end, the protesters were let aboard. McLin
         writes, "Lord, I just couldn't stay out of trouble. Racism just kept
         raising its ugly head and I felt compelled to stamp it out" (p. 48).
         After leaving the army, McLin joined the family mortuary busi-
         ness and soon decided to enter politics. Although he had a strong
         hatred for white people, he wanted to work within the system
         rather than just antagonize it. He vowed to help all people in
         need, not just African Americans, although this community was
         the focus of his formidable efforts. He was instrumental in form-
         ing the successful legislative caucus, Black Elected Democrats of
         Ohio, which demonstrated its strength in 1977, when its boycott of
         the state budget vote brought progress on its passage to a halt.
         McLin worked for the establishment and support of many impor-
         tant community institutions, and probably had his greatest impact
         on the development of the Wright State University School of
         Medicine and School of Professional Psychology. He was loyal to
         his constituency, built bridges as needed to meet his aims, and
         worked tirelessly until he died of cancer in 1988 at the age of sixty-
                         The Bibliography                              309


        seven. The closing section of the book includes several testimoni-
        als from colleagues and friends.

410. McMillan, James B. (1917- ). Fighting Back: A Life in the Struggle
     for Civil Rights. Interview by Gary E. Elliott. Narrative inter-
     pretation by R. T. King. Reno, Nevada: University of Nevada
     Oral History Program, 1997. 181 pages; photographs. ISBN:
      1564753743.
        Abstract: McMillan was born in 1917 in Mississippi. His grand-
        mother was born a slave in the West Indies, came to Mississippi,
        and was unofficially married to a white plantation owner. Her
        husband protected her and their children from white racists while
        he was alive. After his death, the family fled the South and the
        dangers of racism, eventually settling in Detroit, Michigan, during
        the Great Depression. McMillan graduated from high school in
        1936 and received a full athletic scholarship to the University of
        Detroit, where he was one of only two black students and the only
        one on the football team. Following college, McMillan attended
        dental school at Meharry School of Dentistry. During World War
        IL, he was drafted into the army and served as a dentist. He was
        eventually promoted to the rank of captain, but his experiences
        with segregation in the army marked him for life. He writes that
        he left the army an "angry young man and I stayed angry for a
        long time" (p. 61). After setting up practice in Las Vegas (one of
        only two black professionals in Nevada at the time) and tiring of
        the segregated conditions, McMillan joined and became president
        of the local branch of the NAACP. The organization led boycotts,
        ran and backed   candidates, and confronted businesses.    Finally,
        after failing to make progress with politicians, the group made
        deals with organized crime and managed to end segregation in
        hotels and discriminatory hiring practices. McMillan's confronta-
        tional style put him and his colleagues at risk, and his offer to
       resign as president was welcomed by the board members.
       McMillan assesses the record of the Democratic Party in support-
       ing civil rights over a number of decades and provides insight into
       the work of U.S. presidents and various governors. He considers
       Lyndon B. Johnson to be one of the greatest presidents, "surely the
       greatest president that black people ever had" (p. 125). He decries
       the abandonment of the struggle for civil rights by many promi-
       nent African Americans who claim to have succeeded on their
       own.

                We have these younger blacks that have gotten
                excellent educations, and they think that they
310       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



                did it by themselves. Poor black people marched
                and suffered and were beaten and jailed to make
                things better, and these guys don't realize that
                they should now contribute something back to
                us. I just don't understand it.          (p. 142)
        McMillan was a member of the Nevada State Board of Dental
        Examiners for twelve years and an elected member of the school
        board. An elementary school is named after him. He concludes
        his history by considering the value of the work he has accom-
        plished.

411. McNatt, Rosemary Bray. Unafraid of the Dark:           A Memoir.   New
      York, New York: Random        House,   1998.      282 pages.      ISBN:
      0679425551.
        Notes: Paperback published New York: Anchor Books, 1998.
        ISBN: 0385494750.
        Abstract: In this story of her childhood on the South Side of
        Chicago in the 1960s and 1970s, children's book author Rosemary
        Bray McNatt uses the U.S. welfare system as one of her themes.
        She writes in the preface, "I have written this book, in part, to
        show the good that could happen—that did happen—under the
        welfare system of the 1960s" (p. viii).      It is her assertion that,
        although her mother had to declare herself a single-parent house-
        hold, despite the fact that McNatt's father was very much a mem-
        ber of the family, the income that welfare provided assured that
        her mother was able to stay at home and devote herself to raising
        her children, shielding them from a well-meaning but overbearing
        father and encouraging them in their academics. McNatt's parents
        had a tumultuous relationship, agreeing only on the importance of
        education for their children. She writes of her intellectual awak-
        ening and the comfort she took from a very early age from sur-
        rounding herself with her studies to keep away the more unpleas-
        ant aspects of life. McNatt was accepted into the Francis W. Parker
        School, an elite, predominantly white school on Chicago's North
        Side. There she overcame her own insecurities arising from racial
        and economic differences, flourished as a student, and was accept-
        ed by her peers. After graduation from Yaie University, McNatt
        went into publishing, beginning at a small newspaper in
        Connecticut, then on to Essence, Ms., and The New York Times Book
        Review. McNatt writes of the efforts she and her husband made to
        fit into and contribute to the renewal of the decaying African-
        American community in Harlem and of their struggles with the
        decision to move elsewhere. She finishes with an attack on recent
                          The Bibliography                                  311


        changes in the U.S. welfare system, wondering what would have
        become of her if her mother had been forced out of the home and
        into unskilled jobs and what will happen to the children of the
        country who are at the mercy of this system now.

412. McPherson, James Alan (1943- ). Crabcakes.             New York, New
     York: Simon & Schuster, 1998. 281 pages.            ISBN: 0684834650 :
     0684847965.
        Abstract: Pultizer Prize winner James McPherson reflects deeply
        on a very few events in his life and how they are representative of
        the way people think and act, how he has acted, and the motiva-
        tion behind his actions. The first part of the book centers on why
        he bought a house and his decision to sell it nearly twenty years
        later.   He purchased a house in Baltimore, his hometown, so that
        the elderly couple living there would not be thrown out. He
        reflects on the validity of the act of buying it in the first place, the
        lives of the couple there, his relationship with them, and finally his
        decision to sell it after the elderly woman dies. He recalls his dis-
        illusionment with the state of Maryland stemming from the time
        he was arrested and badly intimidated by a police officer for fail-
        ing to keep his car registration current. The latter half of the book
        is written as a letter to a Japanese teacher he had. He combines his
        own ideas about life learned through his experiences as an African
        American and a human being living in lowa with what he has
        learned of Japanese philosophy.

413. McReynolds, Patricia Justiniani. Almost Americans: A Quest for
    Dignity.     Santa Fe, New Mexico: Red Crane Books, 1997.               349
    pages; photographs. ISBN: 1878610643.
        Abstract:    Patricia McReynolds's parents were both immigrants.
        Her mother, Ruth Kongsvold, came to the United States from
       Alesund, Norway, in 1920. McReynolds's father, José Justiniani,
       emigrated from the Philippines, the Island of Negros, in 1913.
       They met six months after Ruth's arrival. Although Ruth's plan
       was to visit the United States and return home, she never saw
       Norway or her family again.        The Justinianis moved from New
       York to California, where they worked together as live-in domes-
       tics until Ruth became pregnant. After that, José worked on his
       own. The family kept a separate apartment, but, because her
       father often needed to be available to his employers around the
       clock, as McReynolds grew older she spent a considerable amount
       of time at work with him. Most of the Justinianis's friends were in
       mixed marriages as well, primarily Filipino husbands and white,
312     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



      European wives. They were frowned upon by the society; many
      states, including California, still maintained antimiscegenation
      laws. Ruth found the discrimination in California especially
      painful, often reminiscing about the more open society in New
      York. McReynolds was a cherished only child. Her parents were
      extremely protective. Despite the fact, or perhaps because they
      themselves had left their homes and families never to return, they
      expected McReynolds to stay close to home. McReynolds agreed
      that this was what all Norwegian-Filipino children must do.
      While in college at UCLA, she found it difficult to find a group of
      students of which she could become a part. When asked by a
      young man what kind of boy she would date, she responded that
      she would only date a Norwegian-Filipino boy, of course. When
      McReynolds did marry, she married a white man whose parents
      were horrified at the prospect of his marriage to someone with an
      Asian background.    In 1948, the year of their marriage, California
      law still forbade marriage between white individuals and individ-
      uals with "more     than one-sixteenth   amount   of Black, Indian,
      Mongolian, or Malay blood" (p. 288). And so, the couple traveled
      to New Mexico to marry. McReynolds describes the difficulty she
      experienced moving away from her parents and their disappoint-
      ment over McReynolds's maturing children setting off on their
      own to states not contiguous with California. She also writes
      about her first marriage which ended with her husband's suicide
      after a long struggle with alcoholism and _ depression.
      McReynolds eventually remarried, an event which shocked her
      parents. McReynold's parents died within eight months of each
      other. She made pilgrimages to both the Philippines and Norway
      to renew connections with her extended families. McReynolds
      examines the state of immigration law in the United States and the
      issue of families separated by miles and continents. She concludes
      by considering the direct effect immigration and U.S. immigration
      law have had on her own family.
               Photographs of a family reunion . . . capture the
               remarkable contradictions in our family clan.
               Brunette to blonde, round and almond eyed, tall
               and sleek, husky, petite, pale-faced and deeply
               tanned, we form a micro United Nations. ... I
               look over this gathering of my clan; it is one of
               my joys to know that we are all Americans.
                                                  (pp. 348-349)
                         The Bibliography                                313


414. Means, Russell (1939- ). Where White Men Fear to Tread: The
    Autobiography of Russell Means. Written with Marvin J. Wolf.
    New York, New York: St. Martin's Press, 1995. 573 pages; pho-
    tographs; maps. ISBN: 0312136218 : 0312147619.
       Abstract:   Russell Means was born in Greenwood, South Dakota,
       in 1939. His mother was raised on the Yankton Sioux Reservation
       and his father was from the Oglala band of the Lakota Nation. In
       his autobiography, Means reviews Lakota history, provides back-
       ground on cultural practices, customs and beliefs, and tells the
       story of his development into a dedicated activist for the cause of
       Indian rights and sovereignty. During World War II, Means's fam-
       ily moved to Vallejo, California, where his father worked in the
       shipyards. His parents provided a base for Indians in the area,
       and Means and his brothers often returned to family in South
       Dakota for the summers. As a young man, Means lost interest in
       school and began to have a drinking problem. He tried to change
       his lifestyle and work within the structure of the Bureau of Indian
       Affairs (BIA), taking advantage of the relocation program which
       helped with housing and education, but he was constantly frus-
       trated, bumping up against what appeared to be an obstructionist
       stance on the part of BIA employees. Means found direction and
       purpose in his life as he became active in the Indian rights move-
       ment. He established the Cleveland American Indian Center, and,
       having joined the American Indian Movement (AIM), he founded
       the Cleveland branch (CLAIM). Means became a central figure in
       the national AIM organization, and his political work put him into
       direct conflict with the BIA and the FBI. He gives a detailed
       account of the 1973 siege at Wounded Knee and the criminal
       charges against him that followed, including indictments for mur-
       der and for inciting the 1974 Sioux Falls courthouse riot. Means
       documents the prosecution's use of false witnesses. Despite a
       number of acquittals, Means was sent to prison for rioting to
       obstruct justice. After his release, Means continued to work with
       the AIM and organized the Black Hills Alliance and the Yellow
       Thunder Camp as a means of claiming the right to use the Black
       Hills area for sacred ceremonies. Means assesses the work that he
       accomplished or failed to accomplish through AIM, describes his
       feelings about the condition of Indians in the United States, and
       gives examples of how American Indians can help themselves col-
       lectively and individually.   Means believes that it is vital to pre-
       serve the "indigenous world-view" (p. 536) and to "embrace the
       ideals of our ancestors" (p. 544).
314        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



415. Mei, Elizabeth.   Elizabeth.   Utica, New York: Mei Publishing,
      1995. 267 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0964827700.
        Abstract: Elizabeth Mei was born prematurely in the midst of a
        bombing raid in Chengtu, Szechuan Province, during the Japanese
        invasion of China. Her family moved from place to place in China
        and finally settled down in Hong Kong after the Communist
        takeover. Mei's father was an academic and had a position as an
        officer with the British Education Department. She remembers
        happy days of going to school, meeting her father on his way
        home from work, and playing with younger siblings. She was fif-
        teen when her baby brother was born, and she quit school to take
        care of him and do the housework. When she finally decided to
        go back to school, she was demoted to the sixth grade. In 1963,
        Mei's father retired from his position with the British government
        to emigrate to the United States. In the United States, Mei took
        English classes and tried to go to school, but became very
        depressed when she did poorly. After a failed suicide attempt, she
        managed to graduate from high school and enroll in Fullerton
        Junior College. When things did not get easier for her, she
        attempted suicide again, lapsing into a coma that lasted six
        months. Mei writes about how her brother cared for her while she
        was unconscious, and the ten additional months she spent in the
        hospital regaining the ability to speak and use her arms and legs.
        As she gained strength and independence, her brother helped her
        to enroll at Chapman College. Mei describes her herculean efforts
        to live independently, attend classes, and to remain enrolled at
        Chapman over the seven-year period it took her to graduate.

416. Meketa, Jacquelin Dorgan. See Chacén, Rafael.

417. Melanson, Yvette D. Looking for Lost Bird: A Jewish Woman
     Discovers Her Navajo Roots. Written with Claire Safran. New
     York, New York: Avon Books, 1999.        233 pages.     ISBN:
     0380976013.
         Notes: Also published New York: Bard Books, 1999.          ISBN:
         0380795531.
         Abstract: In 1953, when Yvette Melanson was only a few days old,
         she and her twin brother were kidnapped from her parents, both
         Navajo Indians. They were kept in hiding for several years before
         they were adopted by white couples unable to adopt through con-
         ventional channels. She was raised as a Jew in New York and was
         a pampered child until her adoptive mother died when she was
                         The Bibliography                               315


        twelve. Her father and his second wife essentially abandoned her,
        and she spent her high-school years living in the homes of friends.
        Upon her graduation, her parents sent her to a kibbutz in Israel.
        When she came home after being wounded in armed conflict, they
        enlisted her in the U.S. Navy. She had a short-lived marriage
        while in the Navy, and gave birth toa son. After leaving the Navy
        she met and married a much older man. After their two daugh-
        ters were born, Melanson began looking for her birth parents. A
        lead over the Internet led her to a Navajo reservation. This was
        the first inkling she had that she might be a Native American, and
        she fought against the idea. Indisputable proof, however, con-
        vinced Melanson that she had found her family. She was reunited
        with them, but it turned out that her mother had died a number of
       years before, still searching for her lost children. At about the age
       of forty, Melanson, her husband, and their two daughters decided
       to move from their home in Maine to the Tolani Lake Reservation
       in Arizona. Her Navajo family and everyone in the community
       welcomed the family warmly, but life on the reservation was hard.
       Her white husband had a difficult time fitting in, her daughters
       were bullied at school, their living conditions were poor, and
       Melanson's lifestyle habits, housekeeping and cooking abilities
       were constantly under the scrutiny of her sisters and other rela-
       tives. It was almost impossible to find work. Melanson describes
       the years the family spent looking for a way to make a living and
       to otherwise thrive in their new home. Melanson describes the
       spiritual practices and ceremonies of the Navajo. Her family used
       their spiritual powers to find her and continued to look for her
       twin brother. As the book ends, he is found and reunited with the
       family, and the twins, together, hold a ceremony, bringing them
       more completely into the fold of their Navajo tribe.

418. Melbourn,    Julius (b. 1790).    The Life and Opinions of Julius
    Melbourn     with Sketches of the Lives and Characters of Thomas
    Jefferson, John Quincy Adams, John Randolph, and Several Other
    Eminent American Statesmen. Written with Jabez D. Hammond
    (1778-1855). Chapel Hill, North Carolina: Academic Affairs
    Library, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, 2000.
       http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu /neh/hammond/menu.html
       Notes: Documenting the American South (Project).

419. Mendez, Gladys.    See Vilar, Irene (1969- ).
316        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



420. Mendoza,        Tony (1941- ). Cuba: Going Back.             Austin, Texas:
      University of Texas Press, 1999.               153 pages; photographs.
      ISBN: 0292752326 : 0292752334.
         Abstract:     In 1960,    Tony   Mendoza,    a Cuban     native,   was   in
         Connecticut attending the Choate School when Fidel Castro came
         to power. His family immediately decided to leave Cuba for the
         United States. After college and graduate studies at Yale and
         Harvard, Mendoza         decided to pursue a career as an artist.        He
         moved to New York City, where he began his first relationship
         with a Cuban woman. To get closer to the Cuban-American com-
         munity, the two moved to Miami. It did not prove to be a good
         environment for an artist, however, and they decided to leave
         when Mendoza was offered a position at Ohio State University. In
         1996, Mendoza     requested a sabbatical to return to Cuba to take
         photographs and keep a diary. This book presents his photos and
         the results of his interviews with two hundred people taken over
         a two-week period. Through these interviews, Mendoza seeks the
         popular view of the Cuban revolution. As he travels, he also
         observes general living conditions and the availability of food,
         goods, and services. He reports on his travels throughout the
         countryside beyond Havana, to his aunt's small ranch, and to the
         abandoned family beach house. Mendoza includes excerpts from
         a number of Castro's speeches.

421. Mfume,     Kweisi.     No Free Ride: From         the Mean     Streets to the
      Mainstream.       Written with Ron Stodghill.          New York, New
      York: One World,        1996.       373 pages; photographs.            ISBN:
      0345392205 : 0345413644.
         Abstract: Kweisi Mfume, born Frizzell Gray, was born into pover-
         ty in Baltimore's inner city. A high-school drop-out, juvenile delin-
         quent, and unmarried father of five, he became a Baltimore city
         councilman, member of the U.S. Congress, and CEO of the
         NAACP. Mfume was the eldest of four children. Their father was
         abusive and their mother died when Mfume was only sixteen.
         The siblings were separated, but Mfume spent most of his youth
         working to help support his three sisters, who lived with a grand-
         mother on a limited income.        When he began having girlfriends,
         they all became pregnant, and he became the father of five sons by
         four women over the course of two years. About 1970, he earned
         his high school equivalency certificate and got a job with WEBB, a
         radio station in Baltimore owned by singer James Brown. In 1972,
         he enrolled in the Community College of Baltimore, where he
         became involved with student activism. It was during this time
                          The Bibliography                              317


         that he changed his name to Kweisi Mfume, an African name
         which means conquering son of kings, to symbolize the new life
         he had embarked on. His popular radio programs became more
         and more political, earning the wrath of Brown, and Mfume had
         to move to a different station.   In 1979, he took advantage of his
         popularity to run for Baltimore City Council. He won his election
         and served on the council until 1986, when he was elected to the
        U.S. Congress. This position gave him a platform from which to
        work for national and international causes, particularly the move-
        ment to end apartheid in South Africa. Mfume writes about how
        partisan politics complicate almost all issues brought before
        Congress and how he used his role as the chairman of the
        Congressional Black Caucus, representing a block of forty con-
        gressman, to further causes affecting black Americans. Mfume
        was on hand in South Africa when its first democratic elections
        were held, and he writes of his great admiration for and friendship
        with Nelson Mandela, the first black president. Based on his work
        for black causes throughout the United States and in South Africa
        and Haiti, Mfume was recruited in 1995 to serve as the CEO of the
        NAACP after a series of scandals and fears of encroaching irrele-
        vancy shook the foundations of the association. The book closes
        as he prepares to begin this new stage of his life.

422. Miller, E. Ethelbert.   Fathering Words: The Making of an African-
     American Writer. New York, New York: St. Martin's Press, 2000.
     178 pages. ISBN: 0312241364.
        Notes: Published in paperback New York: Thomas Dunne Books,
        2001. ISBN: 0312270135.
        Abstract: Writer E. Ethelbert Miller was introduced to black revo-
        lutionary philosophy, black history, black poetry, and the Black
        Arts Movement while at Howard University in Washington, D.C.
        Majoring in the new field of Afro-American History, Miller grad-
        uated dedicated to writing poetry and to working for African
        Americans at an African-American institution. He stayed on at
        Howard University, working in the Afro-American Reading
        Room, supported by the Afro-American Studies Department and
        the Institute for Arts and Humanities. Miller's mentors were Bob
        Stokes and Steven Henderson, both faculty members at Howard,
        and Ahmos Zu-Bolton, editor of Hoo Doo Magazine. Miller writes
        about his life as a poet, the poets and writers he worked and read
        with, his two marriages and two children, and his decision to
        leave Howard for the University of Nevada at Las Vegas. It was
        not until Miller had achieved a secure place in the publishing
318        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


         world that his family began to understand his life as a writer, espe-
         cially a writer dedicated to African-American culture. Miller
         remembers his older brother Richard, who had interests that were
         not supported by their father: a desire to dance and to read and a
         fervent Catholic faith that led him to join a Trappist monastery.
         Miller imagines that the family pressure to make other career
         choices which he himself felt must have been something like what
         his brother Richard faced giving up his life in the monastery for
         the family and, thus, never achieving his aspirations.     Miller, in
         fact, seems to be the one child in the family who followed through
         on his dreams and did not succumb to familial pressure to lead a
         more traditional and conservative life. The untimely death of his
         brother and then his father's death two years later, lead Miller to
         write his memoir, to consider his relationships with his sister and
         mother, and to look closely at his own role as a father.

423. Miller, Reggie. I Love Being the Enemy: A Season on the Court with
     the NBA's Best Shooter and Sharpest Tongue. Written with Gene
      Wojciechowski.    New York, New York: Simon & Schuster, 1995.
      282 pages; photographs.      ISBN: 0684813890.
         Abstract: Reggie Miller kept a diary of his 1994-1995 season with
         the professional basketball team the Indiana Pacers. In that season
         the Pacers made it to the Eastern Conference Finals with the
         Orlando Magic, but lost their bid for the NBA championship.
         Interspersed with his description of the various games, players,
         and coaches, Miller describes coming into his own as a player,
         developing his style, individual player and team rivalries and
         camaraderie, and the advantages and disadvantages, including
         death threats and media pressure, of being a celebrity. Born in
         1965, Miller came into the world with damaged hips and legs. He
         spent his childhood years in leg braces. He was always encour-
         aged and supported by his family and developed into a top-rated
         athlete. Miller's family enjoyed spending time together shooting
         baskets, so basketball was a natural sport for the children to pur-
         sue. Miller's older sister Cheryl was on the 1984 gold-medal win-
         ning U.S. Olympic basketball team and is a member of the
         Basketball Hall of Fame. Miller recounts a post-game conversa-
         tion with his sister: "I still remember the night I came home from
         a Poly Tech game after scoring thirty-nine points. I mean, I was
         feeling good about myself. Then Cheryl came home. ‘Cheryl, I got
         39.’ ‘Reggie, that's great.’ "Yeah, so how'd you do?’ 'Uh, I got 105"
         (p. 163). Miller eventually outgrew his sister and was able to beat
         her at one-on-one.
                          The Bibliography                               319


424. Minerbrook, Scott.    Divided to the Vein: A Journey into Race and
     Family. New York, New York: Harcourt Brace, 1996. 259 pages;
     photographs. ISBN: 0151931070.
        Abstract: U.S. News & World Report journalist Scott Minerbrook
        was born to a black father and a white mother. Both sides of his
        family have complicated issues of race and interpersonal relation-
        ships that Minerbrook has spent his entire life coming to grips
        with. His father was black, but the family was light-skinned and
        included many members who had passed as white.                The
        Minerbrook family was proud and considered his father's mar-
        riage to a white woman below him, but they maintained ties with
        the couple and their children. Minerbrook's mother, on the other
        hand, was born into a poor white family in a small town in
        Missouri, and they cut her off completely when she married. Asa
        young person, Minerbrook was constantly uncertain of interper-
        sonal relationships and matters of race, and he did poorly in
        school. He decided to exert himself in high school and was accept-
        ed at Harvard, which presented an entirely new set of racial prob-
        lems. His fellow students demanded that he take sides, either
        white or black, and his response was to try to look at matters from
        a nonracial viewpoint. He began to study African-American his-
        tory and was frequently at odds with his professors, who demand-
        ed more of a pro-black anti-white stance. As an adult, Minerbrook
        made a happy marriage, and he and his wife had two children.
        Despite his improved family situation, however, he was still
        plagued by racial confusion and had a special hatred for the white
        side of his family. He made several attempts to contact them and
        finally went to Missouri to confront them face to face. They tried
        to explain to him the reasons why they could not accept him or
        anyone else in his family and the complexities of living in a small
        town with deep-seated racial prejudices. After much effort on
        Minerbrook's part, his relatives finally allowed him to establish a
        tentative form of contact with them, and this gives him hope.

425. Monroe, Lorraine. Nothing’s Impossible: Leadership Lessons from
    inside and outside the Classroom.     New York, New York: Times
    Books, 1997. 236 pages. ISBN: 0812929047.
        Notes:  Also published    New   York: PublicAffairs,   1999.   ISBN:
        1891620207 (223 pages).

        Abstract: Lorraine Monroe helped found and was principal of the
        Frederick Douglass Academy in Harlem. A public school with a
        selective student body, the academy was eighty percent African
        American and twenty percent Latino. In 1997, as the school grad-
320         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         uated its first class of twelfth graders, three-quarters of the senior
         class had been accepted into college, and the expectation was that
         nearly all of the rest of the class would receive acceptance letters
         as well. Monroe and her colleagues took a school with a poor rep-
         utation and a deteriorating building, renovated it, replaced some
         staff members, and opened with 150 students, a set of common
         goals, expectations, and non-negotiable rules. Monroe describes
         her own education, her growth as a teacher and school adminis-
         trator, and the reasons why she gave up her international educa-
         tional consulting career to return to working directly with stu-
         dents. In her book she describes her teaching and administrative
         methods and the importance of leadership to inspire and direct
         teachers.

426. Moore,         Joanna   P.   (1832-1916).       "In   Christ's    Stead”:
      Autobiographical Sketches. Chapel Hill, North Carolina: Aca-
      demic Affairs Library, University of North Carolina at Chapel
      Hill, 2000.
         http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu/neh/church/moore/moore.sgml
         http://docsouth.unc.edu/neh/church/moore/moore.html
         Notes: Documenting the American South (Project).

427. Moore, Sam (1930- ). American by Choice: The Remarkable
     Fulfillment of an Immigrant's Dreams. Nashville, Tennessee:
      Thomas Nelson Publishers, 1998.            216 pages; photographs.
      ISBN: 0785274537.
         Abstract: Sam Moore was born Salim Ziady in Beirut, Lebanon in
         1930. His mother sent the children to Orthodox Christian schools.
         Following high school, Moore attended the Three Patriarchs
         College for three years, during which time he had a religious expe-
         rience and converted to Christianity. After quitting school because
         of family financial difficulties, Moore and his three brothers went
         into business together and started a grocery store. Soon thereafter,
         Moore became convinced that he should go to school in the United
         States. He set out, with six hundred dollars in his pocket, for
         Columbia Bible College in South Carolina. During his first sum-
         mer vacation, he went door-to-door selling Bibles and earned
         enough money to pay a year's tuition, buy a car, and a set of new
         clothes, and still put a little money in the bank. After two years,
         Moore transferred to the University of South Carolina. He later
         completed course work for a master's degree and, having decided
         to stay in the United States, became a U.S. citizen and changed his
                            The Bibliography                                 S21


       name to Moore. Moore found that he made more money selling
       Bibles than he had at any other occupation. He set up his own
       book company, which he developed into the Royal Publishing
       Company. Moore planned his first book to be a useful family
       Bible. To accomplish this, he arranged for a variety of scholars to
       contribute explanatory texts, and he included pictures, an index,
       and a concordance.       The Bible was called the New Clarified
       Reference Bible. Moore describes the growth of Royal Publishing,
       his purchase of Thomas Nelson Publishers, acquisitions of several
       other book companies, and then near bankruptcy by 1984. As 1990
       came to an end, the company was again profitable, and Thomas
       Nelson was purchasing other companies. Moore describes the dif-
       ferent Bibles he has published and his thoughts on leadership and
       on being an American.

428. Mora, Pat. House of Houses. Boston, Massachussets:                   Beacon
     Press, 1997. ISBN: 0807072001 : 080707201x.
       Abstract: Writer Pat Mora writes about the history of her family
       in a semi fictional format. The setting she uses is a "dream house
       hovering near El Rio Grande between El Paso and Santa Fe" (p.
       288). Six generations of her family, including both her mother's
       and father's sides, herself, and her children share this imaginary
       house and interact with each other as she tells the stories of the dif-
       ferent family members. Her mother's family came to the United
       States to escape Pancho Villa, a Mexican national hero, who, in the
       process of liberating the poor of Mexico, killed everyone in his
       path. Mora talks about the different grandparents and aunts and
       uncles, and the relationship between her parents and their rela-
       tionships with each other's families.        She discusses her
       Americanization and that of her brothers and sisters. Mora
       describes how her children relate to Mexican family members,
       both living and dead.
                 Made up of earth as we are, this nested adobe
                house, its body is inherited and temporary, like
                ours, is protected by exterior walls we create and
                construct    around   the fertile interior,   layers of
                vulnerable beauty. Within the body of the fam-
                ily dwell the homes of the next generation,
                another nesting, and within each of our bodies,
                all the selves we've been and are, held together
                by skin, fragile yet sturdy: a paradox, like the
                house that's yet green in the desert, visible yet
                private... private yet communal.               (p. 288)
O22       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



429. Morales, Dionicio. Dionicio Morales: A Life in Two Cultures: An
     Autobiography. Houston, Texas: Pifiata Books, 1997. 199 pages.
     ISBN: 1558852190 : 1558852115.
        Abstract:   Dionicio Morales's mother and father emigrated from
        Mexico during the Mexican Revolution, and Morales was born
        two weeks after his mother arrived in Yuma, Arizona. The family
        settled in Moorpark, California, where Morales's father worked on
        several ranches. Although the family bought property, they lived
        in a tent throughout Morales's childhood. Schools in Moorpark
        were segregated through the fourth grade. By the time Morales
        entered high school, many of his acquaintances had left California
        to return to Mexico. He had little encouragement from his teach-
        ers, despite his academic success, and was excluded from many
        activities, including college interviews, because the school princi-
        pal didn't believe that Mexican Americans should leave the fields
        and attend college. Nonetheless, Morales left home with twenty
        dollars and encouragement from his parents to attend Santa
        Barbara State Teacher's College (later University of California,
        Santa Barbara). He majored in art under the mentorship of
        Professor Mary Croswell.      She was particularly interested in
        Mexican art, and considered Morales a good investment of her
        efforts. She actively supported him, even while he was confined
        for eighteen months in a tuberculosis sanatorium. Back at home
        recuperating from the disease, Morales made his first foray into
        political action. Tired of the humiliation of the segregated movie
        theater in his hometown, he developed a plan that successfully
        integrated it. Next, Morales set out to improve conditions for
        Mexican laborers under the Bracero Program of World War II.
        Working through the Department of Agriculture, he enforced
        guidelines and conditions of the program. He later continued this
        work when the program was reinstated during the Korean War.
        Morales's major accomplishment was the founding of the Mexican
        American Opportunity Foundation (MAOF). With this founda-
        tion, Morales opened up employment opportunities for Mexican
        Americans in the corporate world, trained and employed the eld-
        erly, set up job training programs for prisoners and women, insti-
        tuted subsidized day care for barrio children, and developed edu-
        cation programs to teach Mexican history and culture as a means
        of building self-esteem. In 1997, the MAOF had an annual budg-
        et of twenty million dollars, 322 full-time employees, twenty-five
        programs, and twenty-three outreach offices. He writes: "As I look
        back over eight decades of life in two cultures, I have concluded
        that our Mexican Heritage will neither disappear nor fade, but
        will flourish to illuminate the upward path of countless genera-
        tions to come" (p. 199).
                          The Bibliography                                323


430. Morgan, Joan. When Chickenheads Come Home to Roost: My Life
     As a Hip-Hop Feminist.     New York, New York: Simon &
     Schuster, 1999. 240 pages; index; reading group guide. ISBN:
     0684822628.
        Abstract: Joan Morgan discusses feminism for black women and
        reactions to her involvement in this issue. A writer who began her
        career at The Village Voice, Morgan has written extensively about
        music and gender issues for the New       York Times, Ms., Madison,
        Interview, Spin, and numerous other publications.      She starts this
        book by explaining that feminism is a volatile issue in the black
        community because it necessarily pits men against women and
        that taking sides with other women, often white women, means
        that black women appear to be in opposition to, rather than in
        support of, black men. She explains her task:
                  White girls don't call their men "brothers" and
                  that made their struggle enviably simpler than
                  mine. Racism and the will to survive it creates a
                  sense of intra-racial loyalty that makes it impos-
                  sible for black women to turn our backs on black
                  men even in their ugliest and most sexist of
                  moments. I needed a feminism that would allow
                  us to continue loving ourselves and the brothers
                  who hurt us without letting race loyalty buy us
                  early tombstones.                           (p. 36)
        Topics that Morgan discusses, laced with her own experiences and
        those of friends and family, include the degradation of women in
        rap and hip-hop lyrics, the destructive effect of the myth of the
        "STRONGBLACKWOMAN,"            how women tend to indulge but not
       respect the "ENDANGEREDBLACKMAN," and the need for black
       women to insist on certain standards before beginning a relation-
       ship with a man. She also deals with the question of why so many
       black women fall into the socioeconomic category of unwed moth-
       ers, how threatened otherwise-motivated black women are by the
       wiles of women (so-called "chickenheads") who are only interest-
       ed in marriage and money, the matter of respecting masculine
       pride, and the importance of "sista's" supporting and empowering
       each other.

431. Mori, Kyoko.    The Dream of Water: A Memoir.        New York, New
    York: Henry Holt and Company,             1995.    275 pages.       ISBN:
    0805032606.
       Notes: Also New York: One World, 1996.         ISBN: 0449910431.
324      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



       Abstract: Kyoko Mori, a creative writing professor at St. Norbert's
       College in DePere, Wisconsin, was born in Kobe, Japan. She lived
       there until the age of twenty when she completely forsook Japan
       to live in the United States. Her mother committed suicide when
       Mori was twelve, and she was left in the care of her father and
       stepmother who forbade her and her brother to have any contact
       with her mother's side of the family and sabotaged their relation-
       ships with any other relatives. After her mother died, Mori's home
       life was punctuated by complaints from her stepmother and beat-
       ings from her father. Thirteen years after Mori left Japan to go to
       college, graduate school, and ultimately marry and begin a career
       in the United States, she made her first trip back to Japan.    She
       went back with few feelings of connection, but with a desire to see
       her estranged relatives and old friends and, out of a sense of duty,
       to visit her father and stepmother. During her seven-week stay,
       and a few unhappy visits with her parents, Mori reexamined the
       way she was brought up following her mother's death and talked
       with her relatives about their view of how her father treated her.
       Eventually she was satisfied that her beloved aunts and uncles
       agreed that she had been mistreated, and she realized that, despite
       her warm reunions with other family members and old friends,
       her relationship to and ability to forgive her father would deter-
       mine her feelings about Japan. At the airport, while on her way
       back to Green Bay, Wisconsin, Mori reflects that,
                Kobe seems such a long way off, already a for-
                eign country. No matter how much I love its
                mountains and the sea, the downtown, the
                familiar neighborhoods and the streets, it is a
                place I left thirteen years ago to save my life. I
                will never spend a whole summer, a semester, or
                a year there. ... How can I possibly spend more
                than a few weeks in the same city as my father?
                                                        (p. 274)

432. —. Polite Lies: On Being a Woman Caught between Cultures. New
     York, New York: Henry Holt and Company, 1997. 258 pages.
     ISBN: 080504079x.
       Notes:   Also available in paperback       New   York: Ballantine/
       Fawcett, 1999. ISBN: 0449004287.
       Abstract: Writer Kyoko Mori left Japan at the age of twenty to go
       to college in the United States. Almost twenty years later, she
       compares the two cultures and how they have affected her. She
       covers a variety of topics, beginning with language. She states
                          The Bibliography                                 325


        that "having a conversation in Japanese is like driving without a
        headlight: every moment I am on the verge of hitting something
        and hurting myself or someone else, but I have no way of guess-
        ing where the dangers are" (p. 7). Other aspects of Japanese cul-
        ture are also difficult for her to deal with, such as the reluctance of
       doctors to discuss a patient's condition with him or her, the obscu-
       rity of symbols used for communicating, the role of women, safe-
       ty, and so on. Woven into the story of culture is Mori's own trag-
       ic childhood. Her mother committed suicide when she was
       twelve. Her father, apparently unable to show any affection to his
       children, remarried a women who consequently sabotaged the
       children's remaining relationships with extended family and
       friends, assuring that Mori grew up in a loveless household. In
       the United States, she settled in Green Bay, Wisconsin, where she
       continued to struggle with the meaning of her own life, trying to
       separate culture from emotional baggage.
                 My mother spent most of her adult life trying to
                 live a polite lie of a stable and harmonious mar-
                 riage, trying, day after day, to make the lie
                 become the truth somehow; her death meant a
                 final rejection of that lie. If there was one thing
                 she wanted me to do, it was to resist the polite
                 lies and the silences of my childhood, to speak
                 the truth. ... All these years later, my conviction
                 remains the same: I speak her words though I
                 speak them in another language.             (p. 258)

433. Morris-Dotson, Cynthia E. Tumbling Waters: A Historical and
     Autobiographical Novel.   Montgomery, Alabama: CeSalAlve,
     Ltd., 1998. 402 pages. ISBN: 096585082x.
       Notes: Large print edition.
       Abstract: In 1965, Cynthia Morris-Dotson and her two younger
       sisters were three of seventeen African-American students who
       integrated two formerly all-white schools in Wetumpka, Alabama.
       Morris-Dotson was in high school and her sisters were in the ele-
       mentary school. Morris-Dotson depicts two-and-a-half years of
       name calling and serious physical abuse from both students and
       teachers. Each day she and her sisters waited for the school bus
       which never stopped to pick them up. When the bus driver was
       finally forced to stop for them, most white children stopped tak-
       ing the bus. The girls were aware of what they were fighting for,
       and they received support from a number of civil rights activists.
       During these years, Morris-Dotson's family received death threats
326        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        and were criticized by both black and white citizens of Wetumpka.
        Their house was set on fire and left to burn by the local fire depart-
        ment. Morris-Dotson left the all-white school after being raped.
        She became pregnant and was placed in "hiding" until the birth of
        her child. After giving birth, she left for Florida, where she fin-
        ished eleventh grade, finally graduating from a high school in
         another town in Alabama.       Following her graduation, Morris-
         Dotson joined the Air Force through the Air Force Reserves
         Officers' Training Corps (AFROTC) at the University of California
         at Berkeley. She served in Korea and became involved in the
         Tuskegee Airmen, Incorporated.      Morris-Dotson was executive
         officer to the commander of the Headquarters, 549t Tactical Air
         Support Training Group at Patrick Air Force Base at the Kennedy
         Space Center, Cape Canaveral, at the time of the explosion of the
         space shuttle in 1986.

434. Morrison, George (b. 1919). Turning the Feather Around: My Life
     in Art. As told to Margot Fortunato Galt. Midwest Reflections.
      St. Paul, Minnesota: Minnesota Historical Society Press, 1998.
      205 pages; photographs; art work.        ISBN: 0873513592 :
      0873513606.
         Abstract: Artist George Morrison was born in 1919, in Chippewa
         City, Minnesota, on the shores of Lake Superior.       He describes
         himself as five-eighths Indian. Morrison enjoyed drawing and art
         as a young child, and as he grew older he sold drawings and dec-
         orated objects to earn money. After finishing high school in 1938,
         he enrolled in the Minneapolis School of Art, graduating with
         highest honors and a scholarship to continue his schooling.
         Morrison moved to New York and began attending the Art
         Student's League. He describes his progress as an artist, showing
         his work in group shows, and then selling to collectors and muse-
         ums.   He writes about himself as an Indian and an artist, "I never
         played the role of being an Indian artist. I always just stated that
         I was a painter, and I happened to be Indian. I wasn't exploiting
         the idea of being an Indian at all, or using Indian themes" (p. 71).
         While his work was being exhibited at such prominent museums
         as the Whitney, museums featuring Indian art were not interested
         in it because it lacked an Indian theme. As Morrison developed
         his style, he moved from expressionism to abstract and later
         worked with wood and sculpture. He studied in Paris during the
         late 1950s on a Fulbright scholarship, has taught at the
         Minneapolis School of Art, the Rhode Island School of Design, and
         the University of Minnesota.     As a teacher in American Indian
         Studies, Morrison and his second wife Hazel became active in the
                         The Bibliography                                327


        American Indian Movement. Morrison describes his later paint-
        ings and exhibitions, his struggle with Castleman's disease and
        alcoholism, and his thoughts on Christian and Indian spirituality.
        He describes his artistic inspirations from nature, environments he
        has lived in, and both Indian and Western art traditions.

435. Morrow, Curtis. Return of the African-American. Huntington,
     New York: Kroshka Books, 2000. 148 pages. ISBN: 1560727179.
        Notes: Originally published Chicago: C. Morrow, 1983.

436. —. What's a Commie Ever Done to Black People? A Korean War
     Memoir of Fighting in the U.S. Army's Last All Negro Unit.
     Jefferson, North Carolina: McFarland & Company, 1997. 138
     pages; photographs. ISBN: 0786403330.
        Abstract: Morrow joined the army in 1950 at the age of seventeen,
        anxious to volunteer to serve in Korea. He trained as a demoli-
        tions specialist and shipped out as part of the last segregated com-
        bat team in the army. Morrow describes his battlefront experi-
        ences and his growing disillusionment with what he was being
        asked to do in Korea. After nine months fighting on the front
        lines, he was knocked unconscious in a blast and woke up in a
        psychiatric ward in Pusan, Korea. After he recovered, he stayed to
        work at the hospital until being shipped back to the United States.
        He returned to his home in Michigan, proudly displaying his com-
        bat medals, but found that he was uncomfortable being show-
        cased as a hero and role model. He felt incredible guilt for the
        killing that he had been involved in and left home before his leave
        was over to escape his conflicting feelings.   Morrow was sent to
        Fort Leonard Wood in Missouri. The town in which the camp was
        located conducted business according to the Jim Crow system,
        and Morrow was discouraged and angry. He rebelled against
        what he thought were discriminatory practices and was confined
        to the stockade for three months.   Following his release, Morrow
       was shipped to Japan for two years. He describes his work there,
       his training as a paratrooper, and his relationship with Keiko, a
       young Japanese woman. Morrow developed a love of the country,
       and appreciated the respect with which he was treated there.

437. Moss, Thylias. Tale of a Sky-Blue Dress. New York, New York:
     Bard, 1998. 259 pages. ISBN: 0380975505 : 0380793628.
       Abstract: Thylias Moss, a professor of English at the University of
       Michigan and the author of six volumes of poetry and two chil-
328        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


         dren's books, was born to an African-American            mother    and
         "mixed blood"     (Cherokee,   French-American,   African-American)
         father. She writes of a poor childhood, but one in which she was
         the much-loved only child. Her life changed when her parents
         decided to entrust her to a daughter of the family living next door,
         who then proceeded to abuse her several hours a day for the next
         several years. Moss never mentioned the abuse to her parents.
         Her low self-esteem, exacerbated by a school which insisted on
         seeing her as a below-average student before finally sending her
         on to "super-gifted studies," eventually resulted in abusive rela-
         tionships with men, an unwanted pregnancy, and a second-
         trimester abortion. Looking back, the main dilemma of Moss's
         youth was her inability to cry out for help,
                    I guess we cannot save ourselves. ... We have to
                    have some idea, however vague, of the assis-
                    tance needed or we may not recognize nor take
                    advantage of help. When we're in the quicksand,
                    sometimes a rope is offered, a serpent is offered,
                    but if we hang on to it, we might be extricated
                    from a worse fate of total loss. Yes, we must let
                    go of the serpent, but only after, though it's bit-
                    ing us, it has pulled us out of the quicksand to
                    solid ground.                              (p. 88)
         Moss finally met a man who loved her and helped her get over her
         fears and insecurities. After they married, he continued to encour-
         age her. Moss entered and graduated from Oberlin College and
         then went on to graduate school. She has developed her own cel-
         ebratory style of poetry.

438. Motley, Constance Baker (1921- ). Equal Justice Under Law: An
      Autobiography.       New    York, New      York: Farrar, Straus, and
      Giroux,   1998.       282 pages;     photographs;       index.      ISBN:
      0374148651.
         Notes: Published in paperback New York: Farrar, Straus, and
         Giroux, 1999. ISBN: 0374526184.
         Abstract: Motley writes about her career as a black female lawyer
         and judge in an age when either was a rarity. She describes her
         family and its move     to New    Haven, Connecticut, from. the tiny
         Caribbean island of Nevis.       The bulk of her book, however, is
         devoted to the court cases which she feels had the greatest influ-
         ence on the rights of black Americans during the twentieth centu-
         ry. The first was Plessy v. Ferguson, which determined that black
         and white facilities could be separate as long as they were equal.
                           The Bibliography                                 329


                   As a result of Plessy, all of the Southern states, if
                   they had not already done so, set blacks aside in
                   separate schools, separate parks, separate ceme-
                   teries—any thing that would keep the races apart
                   and allow for what the South called separate
                   development of people who are racially and cul-
                   turally different. We will never know what
                   twentieth-century America would have been
                   like in terms of race relations if the decision had
                   gone the other way in 1896.                   (p. 94)
        Motley asserts that the next century was spent undoing the harm
        of Plessy. She worked on Brown v. Board of Education (1954) and
        cases that attempted to force compliance to the desegregation rul-
        ing. She describes how the work of civil rights lawyers was affect-
        ed by other aspects of the Civil Rights Movement, the Freedom
        Riders, lunch counter sit-ins, and so on.        Motley also discusses
        how the original lawyers, including the late Supreme Court Justice
        Thurgood     Marshall,    felt that most   injustices based   on racism
        would be solved in major civil rights court victories, but instead
        they led to ever-increasing litigation. She recalls her time as bor-
        ough president of Manhattan, and in the New York State Senate,
        and in the Federal District Court. Motley describes the discrimi-
        nation against her, more because she was a woman than because
        of her race. She closes by discussing affirmative action and the
        detrimental effect that recent Supreme Court decisions have had.

439. Mura, David. Where the Body Meets Memory: An Odyssey of Race,
     Sexuality and Identity. New York, New York: Anchor Books,
     1995. 272 pages. ISBN: 0385471831 : 038547184x.
       Abstract:      Writer     David   Mura,   a third-generation    Japanese
       American, describes the personal conflicts in his life, from child-
       hood through to his middle adult years, and examines the possi-
       ble causes. He goes back over his parents' lives beginning in the
       internment camps during World War II. He looked for the anger
       and the confusion that they either couldn't or wouldn't communi-
       cate to him, but which he felt must have been behind the way they
       acted and raised their children. He is also confused about how
       much of their behavior was based on traditional Japanese ways of
       doing things. For Mura, confusion over race is mired in confusion
       over sex, a problem he carried with him through high school, his
       undergraduate career at Grinnell College, graduate school at the
       University of Minnesota, and into marriage, where he was consis-
       tently unfaithful to a woman he loved.            The fact that he was
330         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         attracted to and married a white woman only added to his ques-
         tions. When his wife finally started taking steps to stop Mura's
         infidelity and other abuse of her, he agreed to begin psychothera-
         py in an effort to get to the root of his problems. One day, while
         reading Black Skin, White Masks by Frantz Fanon, he had a revela-
         tion:
                 Here, I realized, was a truth that neither therapy
                 nor my work on family systems nor addiction
                 had ever addressed. None of that psychological
                 thinking had ever considered very deeply the
                 context of race. ... I see a counterpart to my life-
                 long perception of myself as a ‘loser,’ an outsider
                 unable to make ‘concrete contact with his fellow
                 man.' [The main character's] wish to blame each
                 flaw and defeat on skin color seems to echo my
                 explanations of my sexual insecurity: I was a
                 Japanese in a white world. It was as if I some-
                 times could see no other cause for my neuroses,
                  the flaws in my psyche.                    (p. 232)

440. Murray, Albert. South to a Very Old Place. New York, New
     York: Modern Library, 1995. 266 pages. ISBN: 0679601473.
         Notes: Originally published New York: Modern Library, 1971.

441.Murry, Terece.        A Measure of Time.        Baltimore, Maryland:
      American Literary Press, 1999. ISBN: 1561674850.

442. Nall, Jasper Rastus (1861-1956). Freeborn Slave: Diary of a Black
     Man in the South.        Birmingham, Alabama: Crane Hill
      Publishers, 1996.   106 pages; illustrations.    ISBN: 1881548287.
         Abstract: Jasper Rastus Nall, was born in Alabama, probably in
         1861. He felt that it was important for his children to know some-
         thing about their family history, and so he questioned both his
         mother and grandmother about their lives. He then told these sto-
         ries to one of his three daughters, who wrote up a manuscript that
         has been kept in the family. Nall's grandmother Lucy was born
         the daughter of a slave owner and an Indian slave. She was sold
         as an infant under the condition that she would be freed at the age
         of twenty-one, but this promise was not kept, and she was a slave
         until the Emancipation.   Her daughter, Nall's mother Ellen, was
         sold at the age of fourteen. She was three-quarters white and one-
         quarter Indian. Nall's father's side were slaves to the Nall family.
                            The Bibliography                                 gol


         Nall's parents were on two separate estates at the time he was
         born, and he chose to take the name of his father's family.
         Although his mother's owner offered to educate him, his mother
         turned down the opportunity. He writes, "All I know I caught in
         the air. Yet in this way, I have gotten a practical education that I
         believe to be equivalent to a high school graduate" (p. 32). Nall
         had an entrepreneurial instinct. He describes the various jobs he
         held and the ingenious and careful way he went about earning
         and saving money. He worked as a mail carrier, in mining, and as
         a butcher. He also owned and operated a grocery store. He was
         active in politics, and formed the Colored Republican Party Club.
         The members of this group faced down the majority Democratic
         Party and went en masse to vote on election day. Nall was anx-
         ious that his children receive an education, and he had a special
         concern for the lack of opportunities for young African-American
         women. He spent years raising money and negotiating the build-
         ing of a high school in Patton, Alabama. When it was completed,
        he was gratified:
                    I feel that I reaped the benefits of all through the
                    one ‘master piece’ of my life: my school building
                    project! There are many men, now widely scat-
                    tered over the United States, who were benefited
                    by this school, but there is not another man
                    besides me who had the pleasure of seeing all his
                    children and his wife graduate from this school.
                                                                   (p. 96)

443. Nasdijj.      The Blood Runs Like a River through My Dreams: A
     Memoir.    Boston, Massachusetts: Houghton Mifflin, 2000.               216
     pages. ISBN: 0618048928.
        Abstract:    This memoir consists of twenty essays about the life of
        Nasdijj. Nasdijj's father was white and his mother was Navajo. As
        a child of migrant workers, as a Navajo, and especially as one of
        mixed heritage, Nasdijj was always conscious of being on the
        fringe of society, living on the edge of "White People Town" and on
        the edge of the reservation. His memories of his childhood are
        unhappy and dominated by his family's constant moving around.
        He writes that he never asked why; he knew there were no
        answers:    "You had to find out your own       answers,    and the only
        place you were going to find them was in yourself” (pp. 35-36).
        Interested in writing since his adolescence, Nasdijj has attempted
        to make writing his sole means of employment. This meant that
        for a lengthy period he was homeless and moved with his dog and
332        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


         a tent back and forth between state parks. Nasdijj writes about his
         son Tommy Nothing Fancy, whom he and his first wife adopted as
         an infant. Tommy was diagnosed with fetal alcohol syndrome and
         died of seizures at the age of six. Nasdijj also suffers from a milder
         form of the syndrome, and his son's affliction brings back memo-
         ries of his own mother's dependence on alcohol. Nasdijj describes
         his many years living on the Navajo reservation in New Mexico.
         Besides writing, he has worked as a teacher. Because he was not
         officially certified, he was arbitrarily assigned the children who
         couldn't succeed in a regular classroom. Nasdijj's story concludes
         as he leaves the reservation, after years of solitude and healing,
         with his new wife.

444. Navarrette, Ruben, Jr. A Darker Shade of Crimson: Odyssey of a
      Harvard Chicano.     New York, New York: Bantam Books, 1993.
      270 pages. ISBN: 0553089986.
         Abstract:   Ruben Navarrette writes about his experience at
         Harvard University as one of a handful of Mexican-American
         undergraduate students in the class of 1989. Raised in the San
         Juaquin Valley, Navarrette attended a high school that was nearly
         seventy percent Mexican American. Throughout his schooling he
         was an outstanding student.      As a senior, he was valedictorian,
         had straight A grades, and high SAT scores. Yet, when his princi-
         pal learned that he had applied only to U.C. Berkeley, Stanford,
         Princeton, Yale, and Harvard, he suggested that Navarrette also
         apply to the local state university. When Navarrette received his
         five acceptance letters they "beckoned a Mexican-American boy
         who knew nothing of racism. Of denial of privilege because of
         one's skin color" (p. 2). Nonetheless, his high school teachers and
         classmates clearly felt that Navarrette had gotten in because of his
         race and not because of his accomplishments. Navarrette explores
         the origins of this widely held belief that the minority student or
         job seeker rarely, if ever, deserves what they achieve. He examines
         the stereotypes of Mexican Americans in particular and how
         opportunities are shaped by the prevalence of these stereotypes
         among, teachers, school administrators, and other professionals.
         Navarrette writes about how his own experiences were shaped by
         race, both his own attitude toward race, and that of his fellow stu-
         dents. He studies Richard Rodriguez's controversial book Hunger
         of Memory (Godine, 1982; Bantam,        1983), and tests Rodriguez's
         premise that language and mainstream and elite educational expe-
         riences distance the minority student from his home and family.
         Following Harvard, Navarrette entered a Ph.D. program in edu-
         cation at UCLA.      He chose not to finish the degree, although he
                          The Bibliography                                     333


        continues to seek a way, through writing and lecturing, to reform
        an educational system that strangles minority students from the
        outset of their time in school.

445. Neal, Lula Mae.       Little Colored Girl.           New   York, New York:
     Vantage Press, 1998. ISBN: none.

446. Nelson, Jill (1952- ). Straight, No Chaser: How I Became a Grown-
     up Black Woman. New York, New York: G. P. Putnam's Sons,
     1997. 225 pages. ISBN: 0399142622.
        Notes:      Also published    New         York:   Penguin,   1999.   ISBN:
        0140277242.
        Abstract:   Jill Nelson, a professional writer, also wrote the autobi-
        ographical work Volunteer Slavery: My Authentic Negro Experience
        (Noble Press, 1993). In Straight No Chaser, she discusses feminism
        and race. She believes women must claim a space for themselves
        and relinquish the idea that to proclaim oneself a feminist is to for-
        sake the fight against racism. She asserts that black women in
        American society are socially invisible. They have been raised to
        believe that their physical appearance is inferior to white women;
        they are the victims of domestic abuse; they have been blamed for
        the ills of America in general and black men in particular. To illus-
        trate her points, Nelson recalls the patriarchal nature of her own
        family, her own    experience with domestic abuse, and the mes-
        sages she received from childhood about what constitutes "good
        hair" and preferred skin color. She believes that black women
        have been asked to support black men, and yet there has been very
        little reciprocal support.   She describes the many stereotypes by
        which black women have been constrained.                Nelson calls on all
        black women to resist constraints and stereotypes. She lays out
        ten points for black women to follow to help themselves and other
        black women. Nelson concludes by asking women to "[i]magine
        how powerful we would be, what we could accomplish, if black
        women across the country were communicating and organizing.
        Reach out to black women where you find them" (p. 225).

447, Neville, Aaron, Charles Neville, Art Neville and Cyril Neville.
     The Brothers. Written with David Ritz. Boston, Massachusetts:
    Little, Brown     & Company,          2000.      368 pages; photographs;
    index. ISBN: 0316730092.
        Notes: Also published Cambridge: Da Capo Press, 2001.                ISBN:
        0306810530.
334       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        Abstract:   The Neville Brothers were born in New Orleans, in a
        rigidly segregated and intensely racist environment.    Art was the
        oldest, followed in order by Charles, Aaron, and Cyril.       In this
        book, each of the brothers tells his own story to make up a collec-
        tive autobiography of this family of musicians. Art founded a
        singing group known as the Hawkettes, that was popular in New
        Orleans and other parts of the South. He also started up a group
        called the Meters, which had a successful career recording for
        Warner's Reprise label. The Meters traveled with and opened for
        both the Rolling Stones and the Grateful Dead. Charles was a sax-
        ophonist who married and went on the road at the age of fifteen.
        He saw crime as a way to get revenge on white society, so his
        musical and academic careers were interspersed with time spent
        in prison. Aaron made a chart-topping solo hit, "Tell It Like It Is,"
        which he followed up with a tour managed by his brother Art.
        When he went to Los Angeles to pursue his career, he became
        addicted to heroin and involved in crime. Cyril, the youngest,
        admired his brothers from a distance, but had an inner rage that
        kept him in trouble with the law and sometimes at odds with his
        family. At one point, he and his brother Aaron formed a group
        called the Soul Machine that, while popular, never made any
        recordings. All four brothers finally came together with their
        Uncle Jolly to record an album with the Wild Tchoupitoulas. They
        were subsequently "discovered" by Bette Midler and began
        recording as the Neville Brothers for A&M records. One by one,
        the brothers were able to begin recoveries from their addictions,
        find some domestic peace, and enjoy long-deserved success as
        musicians. Famed rock promoter Bill Graham became the manag-
        er of the Neville Brothers and negotiated a successful recording
        contract for them with Rounder/EMI. Their story is not yet com-
        plete, but they look to their late parents and their Uncle Jolly for
        inspiration and hope to lead a life that has peace and harmony,
        both musical and spiritual.

448. Newton, Adolph W. (1925- ). Better Than Good: A Black Sailor's
      War, 1943-1945. Written with Winston Eldridge. Annapolis,
      Maryland: Naval Institute Press, 1999.  182 pages; photo-
      graphs. ISBN: 1557506493.
        Abstract: Adolph Newton ran away to join the Navy when he was
        seventeen. He served from 1943 to 1946. He re-enlisted and
        served until 1948.  Joining shortly after President Roosevelt
        ordered the Navy to accept African Americans into the Seaman-
        Fireman branch, Newton had the questionable fortune of partici-
        pating in many Navy firsts. Although he trained as a diesel
                         The Bibliography                              335


        mechanic with an all-African-American group of enlistees at the
        Hampton Institute in Virginia, Newton      worked in partnership
        with both white and black sailors once he shipped overseas. His
        primary working partner was white, and they developed a work-
        ing relationship and close friendship. Following his discharge in
        1946, Newton was unable to find work in his specialization. He
        was told at the employment office that no one would hire a Negro
        diesel mechanic, and this proved to be the case. After a period of
        idle unemployment, he re-enlisted in the Navy. Newton had
        experienced his share of racism during the war years, but after re-
        enlisting he was assigned to the engineering division of the ship,
        the Donner. Here he was the first black to work in engineering and
        the only one not working in a steward's capacity. Newton relates
        the many racism-related trials he underwent both at sea and on
        shore.   Constantly in trouble, he almost received a bad conduct
       discharge, but the charges were dismissed after being reviewed in
       Washington, D.C. After leaving the Navy in 1948, Newton finally
       found civilian work as a diesel mechanic. He began working for
       General Motors in 1953 and became the first African-American
       supervisor working for General Motors south of the Mason-Dixon
       Line.

449. Nguyén, Dinh-Hoa.      From the City inside the Red River: A
     Cultural Memoir of Mid-Century Vietnam. Foreword by Graham
     Tucker. Jefferson, North Carolina: McFarland & Company,
    1999. 217 pages. ISBN: 0786404981.
       Abstract: Linguist Nguyén Dinh-Hoa was born in Hanoi in 1924.
       He grew up with ten siblings, five boys and five girls, his father
       and his father's two wives. As was typical in Vietnam, Nguyén's
       mother brought her children up according to Confucian tenets:
       boys were encouraged to succeed at school and girls in the domes-
       tic arts. In school, Nguyén studied French, English, and Chinese
       as well as sciences and history. He writes that he gained his
       Western education from the French-Vietnamese system and
       learned "Oriental humanities" from his father, mother, aunt, and
       uncle. Following World War II, Nguyén worked for the United
       States vice consul in Hanoi and was recommended for study in the
       United States. At the age of twenty-four, he left home to attend
       Union College in Schenectady, New York. After graduating, he
       hitchhiked two thousand miles across the United States, brought
       his fiancé over from Vietnam, married her, and then moved to
       New York to attend graduate school at New York University
       School of Education. In 1955, Nguyén, his wife and two daughters
       returned to Vietnam. Nguyén began teaching at the University of
336        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        Saigon, where most of his extended family had moved. Nguyén
        continued to serve as dean of the Faculty of Letters and chair of
        the English Department. While teaching, he was made director of
        cultural affairs in the Ministry of National Education and also sec-
        retary general of the Vietnam National Commission for UNESCO.
        Through the latter position, Nguyén traveled to meetings in such
        places as Paris and Thailand. Nguyén and his family left Vietnam
        once again in 1965, eventually taking a teaching position in lin-
        guistics at the University of Southern Illinois. He did not return to
        Vietnam again until 1994. Nguyén describes his reunion with his
        sister and presents many details and descriptive anecdotes about
        the customs and practices of everyday life in Vietnam. His desire
        is to balance the many books about the war by presenting an accu-
        rate portrait of how the Vietnamese people conduct their lives.

450. Nguyen, Tuyet-Nga. Fragrance of Flowers from the Old Garden.
     New York, New York: Vantage Press, 1995. 75 pages; photo-
      graphs. ISBN: 0533113628.
        Abstract: Nguyen states that she wishes to portray the beautiful
        aspects of Vietnam and so says very little about her experiences
        during World War II or the Vietnam Conflict. She seeks to reveal
        "the fundamental Vietnamese culture, ways of life with inner val-
        ues, the depth of sentiment, moral obligations, and conduct before
        the war, during the war, and beyond the war" (p. xi). Both
        Nguyen's parents were professionals, and so the three eldest chil-
        dren, including Nguyen, lived with their grandparents. Nguyen's
        grandfather had two wives and Nguyen had love and attention
        from both grandmothers and her grandfather. At the age of six,
        Nguyen returned to her parents, whom she hardly knew, so that
         she could attend school.     Her father was    affectionate, but her
         mother was strict and Nguyen was always frightened of her. She
         writes that her mother wanted her children "to be perfect in every
         way ..." (p. 45). Besides schoolwork, Nguyen's mother made sure
         that the girls learned all the skills they would need to run a house-
         hold. Just after World War II, Nguyen, anxious to leave home,
         joined the revolutionary youth movement of Ho Chi Minh. At the
         age of thirteen, her job was to convert "illiterate peasants" to the
         Patriotic Movement. She was arrested by a rival revolutionary
         group and held as a prisoner for several months. In 1950 Nguyen
         married a journalist. He died in 1973, leaving her to support and
         raise their six children alone. Living in Saigon and working for a
         radio station sponsored by the U.S. embassy, Nguyen was among
         those taken out of Vietnam during the general evacuation at the
         fall of Saigon in 1975. She and her family, all except her third son
                          The Bibliography                                    337


       who was living elsewhere, were shipped to Guam with nothing
       but their official papers. From there, they were sent to a refugee
       camp    in Pennsylvania     and finally to Washington,       D.C. where
       Nguyen became a nurse. Ten years later, Nguyen was finally able
       to bring her third son and his family to the United States.

451. Nishimoto, Richard Shigeaki (1904-1956). Inside an American
     Concentration Camp: Japanese American Resistance at Poston,
    Arizona.   Edited by Lane Ryo Hirabayashi.               Tucson, Arizona:
    University of Arizona Press, 1995.             262 pages; photographs.
    ISBN: 0816514208 : 0816515638.
       Abstract:   Nishimoto     was asked to take part in the Japanese
       American    Evacuation     and      Resettlement   Study   (JERS)   at the
       University of California at Berkeley beginning in 1943. He worked
       with the project following the war until 1948, acting as an observ-
       er, writing up reports and verifying facts and details. His obser-
       vations and notes were used in a number of publications, includ-
       ing the three resulting publications of JERS. As part of his work
       for the project, Nishimoto wrote an autobiographical letter to Dr.
       Alexander M. Leighton of the Bureau of Sociological Research,
       dated November 1, 1942. He and his family were by then being
       held at the Colorado River Relocation Center, or Poston, near
       Parker, Arizona.   In his letter,     Nishimoto describes arriving in San
       Francisco in 1920 at the age of seventeen. After some months in
       the rice field of a distant relative in Colusa, California, Nishimoto
       returned to San Francisco and enrolled in high school. He spoke
       no English, but was taken under the wing of a schoolmate who
       taught him vocabulary and pronunciation. Following graduation,
       Nishimoto attended Stanford University, where he pursued an
       engineering degree. When it became clear that no U.S. corpora-
       tion would hire an Asian engineer, Nishimoto moved to Los
       Angeles, where he became an insurance broker, a legal aide, and a
       court interpreter. In 1931, Nishimoto met and married a young
       Nisei woman from San Francisco. They had two daughters, born
       in 1932 and 1934. After his marriage and as the Great Depression
       took hold of the country, Nishimoto left the insurance business
       and ran a successful produce market "selling products of the
       Japanese to Caucasians" (p. 30). He kept close track of news both
       from Japan and the United States and predicted war with Japan as
       well as the incarceration of the Japanese population on the West
       Coast. Nishimoto ends his letter by describing a scene at his home
       with his family enjoying an evening together. A radio broadcast
       announces the order for the evacuation of all Japanese from the
       Pacific Coast. His youngest daughter remarks that she is an
338        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


        American citizen and certainly will not have to go. Her mother
        states, "Yes, you are an American citizen, but your face is Japanese.
        Everyone with a Japanese face must go" (p. 33). The editor has
        included three of Nishimoto's reports to JERS in this compilation:
        "Labor:     Nishimoto's   Report   on the Firebreak   Gang";   "Leisure:
        Nishimoto's Report on Gambling at Poston";                 "Demands:
        Nishimoto's Study of the All Center Conference."

452. Northrup, Solomon (b. 1808).   Twelve Years a Slave. Mineola,
      New York: Dover Publications, 2000. ISBN: 0486411435.
        Notes:      Originally published Auburn,      New     York: Derby and
        Miller, 1853.


453. O'Neil, Buck (1911- ). I Was Right on Time: My Journey from the
     Negro Leagues to the Majors. Written with Steve Wulf and David
      Conrads. Foreword by Ken Burns. New York, New York:
      Simon & Schuster, 1996. 254 pages; photographs; index. ISBN:
      0684803054 : 068483247x.
        Notes: Paperback published as I Was Right on Time.
        Abstract:       Buck O'Neil, a former player with the Kansas City
        Monarchs in the Negro Leagues, writes about his life, in particular
        his time in professional baseball. His first years in baseball were
        spent traveling around in whatever forms of transportation were
        available, living in boarding houses open to blacks, and getting
        whatever pay was offered. After several years of near destitution,
        he returned home.       In 1936, he was offered a spot on the
        Shreveport Acme Giants, and this quickly led to a job with the
         Kansas City Monarchs.      The Monarchs, one of the foremost teams
         in the Negro Leagues, was owned by James Leslie Wilkinson, a
         white man, who earned the respect of his players because of his
         fair treatment of and respect for them. From this point on, O'Neil
         had a secure living. He writes about many of his teammates, espe-
         cially the great Satchel Paige. O'Neil recounts stories about Paige
         and includes Paige's legendary "Six Rules on How to Stay Young.”
         During World War II, O'Neil was drafted into the Navy. While
         serving in the Philippines, he and his shipmates got the word that
         Jackie Robinson had been signed as the first black player in the
         major leagues, an event that caused more rejoicing than D Day.
         After retiring as a player, O'Neil was hired by the Chicago Cubs as
         the first black coach in the Major Leagues. He also scouted for the
         Cubs and the Kansas City Royals and was responsible for signing
         Ernie Banks and many other modern-day baseball legends. O'Neil
                           The Bibliography                              509


       came to public attention when he was featured prominently in
       Baseball, a documentary of the history of the sport by Ken Burns.
       The publicity led to many honors, including the naming of a sta-
       dium after him: The Buck O'Neil Baseball Complex in Sarasota,
       Florida. In 1996, he was given a diploma from Sarasota High
       School, a school that had refused to admit him seventy years
       before.     To this day, O'Neil serves on the Veterans Committee of
       the Baseball Hall of Fame, where he and Negro League veteran
       Monte Irvin are instrumental in nominating black players of
       legendary status who were barred from playing in the major
       leagues.

454. Obama, Barack.        Dreams from My Father: A Story of Race and
    Inheritance.     New    York, New    York: Times Books, 1995.        403
    pages. ISBN: 081292343x.
       Notes:      Also published New York: Kodansha International, 1996.
       ISBN: 1568361629.

       Abstract:      In 1959, the father of activist and politician Barak
       Obama       left Kenya for the University of Hawai'i   (UH), the first
       African student to enroll there. That same year, Obama's mother
       and her family (the Dunhams) moved from previous homes in
       Wichita, Kansas and Texas to Hawai'i. White, and with little expo-
       sure to African Americans, the Dunhams were nonetheless tired of
       Texas-style Jim Crow culture and were looking for a different
       experience in Hawai'i. Both of Obama's parents were students at
       UH when they met. When they decided to marry, there was little
       resistance from his mother's parents, but strong objections from
       his father's family. Despite this, his parents married and gave
       birth to a little boy, Barack Obama. Obama's father eventually
       went back to Africa, leaving his wife and son in Hawai'i. Obama's
       mother married again to an Indonesian man, and she and Obama
      lived with him in Indonesia for a number of years, until the mar-
      riage ended and they returned to Hawai'i. After graduation from
      Columbia University, Obama found work in Chicago organizing
      conferences on drugs, housing, and unemployment. In the book,
      he describes the frustration he had with the people he was trying
      to assist as well as those he wanted to enlist to provide help. He
      realized that most of the problem stemmed from trying to under-
      stand the positions and needs of people from different back-
      grounds. With perseverance, however, he developed close rela-
      tionships with the local leadership, and after a long year, their
      efforts began to show some results. In the midst of this, Obama
      met his half-brother and half-sister from his father's second mar-
340        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         riage, who were in the United States. Although his father had died
         several years before, Obama finally made a trip to Nairobi to meet
         his extended family there. Through his visit, spending time with
         his cousins, brothers, sisters, uncles and aunts in Kenya, Obama
         came to an understanding of who he is and what kind of person
         his father was.

455. Offley, G. W. (b. 1808). A Narrative of the Life and Labors of the
      Rev. G. W. Offley: A Colored Man, Local Preacher and Missionary,
      Who Lived Twenty-Seven Years at the South and Twenty-Three at the
      North: Who Never Went to School a Day in His Life, and Only
      Commenced to Learn His Letters When Nineteen Years and Eight
      Months Old: The Emancipation of His Mother and Her Three
      Children: How He Learned to Read While Living in a Slave State,
      and Supported Himself from the Time He Was Nine Years Old Until
      He Was Twenty-One. Chapel Hill, North Carolina: Academic
      Affairs Library, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill,
      2000.
         http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu/neh/ offley /offley.sgml
         http://docsouth.unc.edu/neh/ offley /offley.html
         Notes: Documenting the American South (Project).

456. Okihiro, Gary Y. (1945- ). Whispered Silences: Japanese Americans
      and World War II. Photographs by Joan Myers. Seattle,
      Washington: University of Washington Press, 1996. 249 pages;
      photographs.     ISBN: 0295974974 : 0295974982.
         Abstract:   A native of Hawai'i and a third-generation Japanese
         American (Sansei), Gary Okihiro was born two months after the
         surrender of Japan to the Allies in World War II. "My Japanese
         American past, thus, was buried by the shapers of the national
         identity and my parents and me insofar as we had bought into the
         notion . . . to 'speak, dress, and think American" (p. 95). Returning
         from two years in Botswana with the Peace Corps, Okihiro made
         his first visit to Japan in 1970.   When he arrived in Osaka, he was
         overwhelmed with the feeling of being in his country with his
         people. By the end of the day, however, he realized that "Japanese
         American    is not Japanese"        (p. 97).   In 1972, he visited   the
         Manzanar Relocation Center and decided to write this book. In it
         he weaves elements of his own life story with the stories he has
         collected from first and second-generation Japanese Americans of
         their immigration to the United States and their mass incarcera-
         tion during World War I. Okihiro also outlines the history of
         Japanese immigrants to Hawai'i and the mainland United States.
                              The Bibliography                                   341


457. Okwu, Julian C. R. As I Am: Young African American Women in
     a Critical Age. San Francisco, California: Chronicle Books, 1999.
     149 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0811820734.
          Notes: See abstract for following entry (458).

458. —.     Facing Forward: Young African American Men in a Critical
     Age.     San Francisco,      California:   Chronicle    Books,   1997.      149
     pages; photographs. ISBN: 0811816311 : 0811812154.
          Abstract:     Photographer,   film producer,    and writer Okwu        was
          born to Nigerian parents in London, England, in 1966. His family
          moved to Connecticut while he was still a young child.              Okwu
          attended Dartmouth College and graduated with degrees in com-
          parative literature and psychology. He was moved to write these
          two books because of "one racist and unforgettable experience on
          the corner of a San Francisco street" (p. 4). Okwu felt that pre-
          senting the stories of African-American men might help counter-
          act the low opinion the general public has of them as well as the
          negative images so often portrayed in the media. Facing Forward
          presents the stories of forty men between the ages of eighteen and
          thirty-two from a variety of backgrounds and careers, including a
          former gang member,       dancer, medical student, political activist,
          and entrepreneur. The interviews focus on their careers, educa-
          tion, sexual orientation, and aspirations. As I Am presents the sto-
          ries of thirty-six women under the age of thirty-five. Okwu's aim
          was to "create a forum for the erudition, complexity, diversity,
          pain, and passion of young African women" (p. 3). His subjects
          are of varied ethnic and socio-economic backgrounds and have
          careers    in writing, religion, music, and construction.    Some       are
          cancer survivors, and all have been subjected to racial and gender
          discrimination.    Okwu conducted the interviews and pho-
          tographed each subject. For his work on these two books, Okwu
          won awards from the New York Public Library and the Boston
          University School of Social Work. He was also named the San
          Francisco Public Library's Literary Laureate for the year 2000.

459. Olajuwon, Hakeem.            Living the Dream: My Life and Basketball.
    Written         with Peter Knobler.      Boston,     Massachusetts:       Little,
    Brown and Company, 1996.               300 pages; photographs.            ISBN:
    0316094277.
          Abstract:   Hakeem Olajuwon was born and raised in Lagos,
          Nigeria. His family is Yoruba, one of three prominent population
          groups in Nigeria. Olajuwon's parents were cement mixers and
342        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        fairly successful.   He attended boarding school beginning at age
        twelve and then later, the Muslim Teachers College.     While at the
        teachers college, Olajuwon played handball. When the handball
        team was excluded from participation in a sports tournament,
        Olajuwon got a quick introduction to basketball and joined the
        basketball team for the tournament.     From the high school team,
        he was recommended to the Lagos State teams for both basketball
        and handball. Olajuwon's fate was set when he was recognized
        first by the National Basketball Team coach, an American, and
        then by a U.S. basketball ambassador, Christopher Pond, who had
        coached the Central African team in a game against Lagos State.
        Pond arranged interviews for Olajuwon at several U.S. universi-
        ties. Olajuwon's first stop was the University of Houston, and that
        was where he decided to stay. From there he was drafted by the
        Houston Rockets.      While with the team, the Rockets won       four
        NBA championships. Olajuwon also reconfirmed his Islamic faith
        and made two pilgrimages to Mecca.

460. Olds, Mark C. Not without Scars—: The Inspiring Life Journey of
      Mark C. Olds. As told to Christopher Broussard. University
      Heights, Ohio: MCO Media Group, 2000. 220 pages; photo-
      graphs. ISBN: 0970133707.
        Abstract:    Christian activist Mark Olds was born in Farmville,
        North Carolina, into a family of sharecroppers. Olds was an avid
        student, but when, at age sixteen, he saw that his college prospects
        were bleak, he quit school and left for New York, where several
        brothers and cousins were living, and from there moved to New
        Haven. He tried to work and go to college, but ended up hustling
        and gambling. This escalated into drug dealing and armed rob-
        bery, and he was eventually arrested and imprisoned. He escaped
        from prison in 1978, but was once again arrested in 1979.        This
        time Olds was given a thirty-year sentence. Early on in his incar-
        ceration, Olds began studying the Bible and underwent a religious
         conversion that turned his life around. He describes his work in
         the prison, his efforts to preach to other prisoners, and his deter-
         mination to maintain contact with the world outside. Olds devel-
         oped a fortuitous relationship with Dr. Harold Carter of New
         Shiloh Baptist Church, who helped him study for ordination and
         then aided him in establishing a prison church. Olds eventually
         became the unofficial Protestant chaplain at the prison. He
         describes the difficulties and dangers of prison life, the low prob-
         ability of prisoners giving up criminal lifestyles when released, the
         division between Muslims and Christians in prison, and the
         intense racism among inmates and guards. Olds was released in
                         The Bibliography                               343


       1989, and he set about pursuing his desire to preach and to fulfill
       all the conditions of his parole. Olds was sympathetic when peo-
       ple had a difficult time forgiving and forgetting his past, but he
       found that he also had sufficient support to make personal
       progress and threw himself into preaching and community
       activism.   This eventually led him to Cleveland, Ohio, where he
       founded the Redirection of Young Minds program, which he
       began first for young black men and later expanded to include
       black women. He earned a master’s degree from Case Western
       Reserve University, and entered the Ph.D. program. Olds preach-
       es an Afrocentric theology, but, to his surprise, has found that he
       can reach white congregations as well.

461. Ortiz Cofer, Judith (1952- ). Woman        in Front of the Sun: On
    Becoming a Writer. Athens, Georgia: University of Georgia
    Press, 2000. 127 pages. ISBN: 082032261x : 0820322229.
       Abstract: This book by writer Judith Ortiz Cofer is a collection of
       previously published essays.     Ortiz Cofer grew up in Paterson,
       New Jersey. Her parents were Puerto Rican and her father worked
       for the U.S. Navy. While neither parent satisfactorily assimilated
       to life in the United States, they stayed for the sake of the oppor-
       tunities that their children would have, both in terms of education
       and career. The first essay in the book is about a modern-minded
       Catholic nun, a teacher at her school, who introduced her to liter-
       ature by recommending classics that contained a great deal of sex.
       Another describes how Ortiz Cofer got needed attention from a
       favorite uncle who had many problems, including alcohol abuse.
       In other essays, Ortiz Cofer identifies the major influences on her
       writing.    One is a little-known legend of how Christopher
       Columbus discovered a women's village inhabited by what Ortiz
       Cofer calls "macho women," women who made men deal with
       them on their own terms. Ortiz Cofer explains how this legend
       has motivated her as a creative artist. She feels that Latinas face
       forces that seek to destroy their creativity. The "macho" writer
       must take control of her life and bear certain scars so that the art
       inside her is not destroyed. She discusses the writers who have
       inspired her, specifically Flannery O'Connor and Alice Walker,
       who taught her that human nature and, thus, writing are more
       complex than race. Finally, Ortiz Cofer considers the notion that
       she remains a Latina writer even while living and teaching in the
       state of Georgia, separated from Latin culture.
344        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



462. Oshley, Navajo Ak'é Nidzin.       The Journey of Navajo Oshley: An
      Autobiography and Life History. Edited by Robert S. McPherson.
      Foreword by Barre Toelken. Logan, Utah: Utah State Univer-
      sity Press, 2000.   226 pages; photographs; index.        ISBN:
      0874212901 : 087421291x.
         Abstract: Oshley's autobiography is the result of a taped inter-
         view. Although some changes were made to make logical connec-
         tions from one segment to the other, the printed page gives a fair
         representation of the oral narrative. To accompany Oshley's life
         story, editor Robert S. McPherson includes essays which provide a
         social and historical context. He describes the final decades of
         Oshley's life in Blanding, Utah, the changes taking place within
         the Navajo culture as the Navajo people interact more frequently
         with the white communities, ceremonies and practices, and living
         conditions, and the state of white-Navajo relations. Oshley was
         probably born toward the end of the nineteenth century and died
         in 1988. He lived most of his life herding sheep and chopping
         wood to make a living. He worked for white sheep farmers and
         had his own family herd as well. Oshley was married three times.
         His first wife and three children all died of tuberculosis. He
         describes the cultivation of corn, sheep-herding practices, the dan-
         gers of gambling, and relationships between and among families
         and clans. He discusses the increasing presence of white ranchers
         and the accompanying land grabs and theft of Navajo sheep and
         horses. Oshley was a hand trembler, a person who receives
         visions and messages and heals the sick. He describes his own
         experiences with a variety of ceremonies, including the Evil Way,
         Blessing Way, Enemy Way, and Wind Way ceremonies. He notes
         that as the younger generations attend schools, they distance
         themselves from these practices. He believes this is why there is
         so much less rain and snow. Oshley describes the livestock reduc-
         tion program of the 1930s and his increasing dependence on white
         farmers and townspeople for goods and employment. He moved
         with his third wife and family into the town of Blanding in the
         1950s and remained in the vicinity with his growing family until
         his death.

463. Parker, Allen (b. ca. 1835). Recollections of Slavery Times. Chapel
     Hill, North Carolina: Academic Affairs Library, University of
     North Carolina at Chapel Hill, 2000.
         http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu /neh/ parker /parker.sgml
         http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu /neh/ parker /parker.html
         Notes: Documenting the American South (Project).
                          The Bibliography                              345


464. Parker, Gwendolyn M.          Trespassing: My Sojourn in the Halls of
     Privilege. Boston, Massachusetts: Houghton Mifflin, 1997. 209
     pages. ISBN: 0395822971.
         Notes:   Also published Boston: Hi Marketing,        1999.   ISBN:
         0395926203.
         Abstract:      Lawyer, former businesswoman,      and _ writer
         Gwendolyn Parker writes about her childhood, education, and
         various careers. She was born and spent her early childhood in
         Durham, North Carolina, "a small segregated Southern town,
         extolled by virtue of its thriving black community as the black
         Wall Street and the home of the black middle class" (p. 8). Her
         grandfather was the town's first citizen, Aaron Mcduffie Moore,
        cofounder of the North Carolina Mutual Life Insurance Company,
        and she was a pampered child. When the family moved to Mount
        Vernon, New York, she had her first taste of racial discrimination
        in the school system and was sent to a private boarding school for
        high school. In 1968, she was accepted at Radcliffe College, where
        she found black companionship as well as more conflict, both
        inter- and intraracial.   After law school, Parker was hired by "an
        old white-shoe firm,” where she was one of only a few blacks and
        the only black woman. During her time at this firm, she found
        being a woman among men the more exhausting of her battles.
        After a few years at a more progressive company, American
        Express, where she was named       Black Achiever in Industry in a
        program sponsored by the Harlem YMCA, she decided to give up
        the corporate life and become a writer. Six years later, she pub-
        lished her first novel, These Same Long Bones (Houghton Mifflin,
        1994), and began her book tour back home in Durham.

465. Parker, Henry (b. 1835). Autobiography of Henry Parker. Chapel
     Hill, North Carolina: Academic Affairs Library, University of
     North Carolina at Chapel Hill, 2000.
        http://docsouth.unc.edu /neh/ parkerh/parkerh.sgml
        http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu/neh/parkerh/parkerh.html
        Notes: Documenting the American South (Project).

466. Parker, Idella. Idella: Marjorie Rawlings’ "Perfect Maid.” Written
     with Mary Keating. Gainesville, Florida: University Press of
     Florida, 1992.       135 pages; photographs; maps.           ISBN:
     0813011434 : 0813011442.
346        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



467. —. Idella Parker: From Reddick to Cross Creek. Written with Bud
     Crussell and Liz Crussell. Tallahassee, Florida: University
     Press of Florida, 1999. 240 pages; photographs; maps; illustra-
      tions. ISBN: 0813017068.
         Abstract: Parker was born in Reddick, Florida in 1914. Although
         her parents had little formal education, they insisted that the chil-
         dren go to school. Parker and her siblings attended every day,
         except during the winter months when the entire family worked
         in Palmetto. Because of the limited public school opportunities for
         black children, the Parker children had to attend private high
         schools.   Parker   attended   Bethune-Cook     in Daytona    Beach,
         Florida, and was taught by Mrs. Bethune. Parker began teaching
         in 1929 while she was still a student. The work load and social
         code for teachers was strict, and she decided to quit teaching to
         work full time as a housekeeper. It was this decision that led
         Parker to her employment with Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings, author
         of The Yearling. Off and on from 1940 to 1950, Parker cooked and
         cleaned and kept her employer company. She describes her rela-
         tionship with Mrs. Rawlings and her unpredictable behavior and
         drinking problems. Parker had very little freedom to come and go
         or to socialize with anyone not connected with Mrs. Rawlings and
         her work. She viewed the conditions of her employment as not
         dissimilar to those of slavery except that she received a salary.
         Parker writes more extensively about this period of her life in
         Idella: Marjorie Rawlings’ "Perfect Maid” (1992). After her second
         marriage, Parker worked as a beautician. Following her hus-
         band's death she became more active in politics, working for the
         NAACP and the voter registration drive. Parker was proud to see
         the "Whites Only" signs start coming down. In her later years,
         Parker returned to teaching. She taught home economics skills to
         unemployed mothers and to mentally-handicapped teenagers.
         She took part in the Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings (MKR) Society
         meetings, and began speaking publicly in schools and at gather-
         ings. Parker is concerned about the future of children today and,
         in her speaking and writing, seeks to present them with positive
         role models and advice for moving forward.

468. Parker, John P. His Promised Land: The Autobiography of John P.
     Parker, Former Slave and Conductor on the Underground Railroad.
      Edited by Stuart Seely Sprague. New York, New York: W. W.
      Norton & Company, 1996. 165 pages. ISBN: 0393039412 :
      0393317188.
         Abstract: The interviews for John P. Parker's autobiography were
                           The Bibliography                               347



         originally made in the 1880s. They were then placed in the
         archives of Duke University. This is the first time they have
         appeared in a published format. Editor Sprague provides in-
         depth historical background, as well as a textual interpretation.
         He has prepared the present narrative to ensure Parker's own
         words are accurately represented. Parker, born in 1827, was sold
         away from his mother at the age of eight. He walked from Norfolk
         to Richmond, Virginia chained to an old man.      The old man was
         later beaten to death in front of him. He writes that this and sim-
         ilar experiences filled him with hatred. Later that year, Parker was
         chained together with four hundred slaves, men and women, old
         people and children, and marched to Mobile, Alabama.       "Some of
         the slaves were sullen, others gay and happy, others were mere
         animals.    As for me, I was   designing, hateful, and determined.
         Ragged and barefooted, I was resentful of the freedom of nature"
         (p. 27).    In Mobile, Parker was sold to a doctor who had him
        trained in iron work. During this time, Parker came up with sev-
        eral useful inventions which he was able to patent after he was
        freed. He made numerous attempts to escape, and was impris-
        oned several times. When his owner decided to sell him for a field
        slave, Parker, at age fourteen, convinced a widow to purchase him
        so that he could buy his freedom from her. Parker describes his
        owners, the doctor and the widow, as generally kind and consid-
        erate toward him, "[bJut I hated the injustices and restraints
        against my own initiative more than it is possible for words to
        express. To me that was the great curse of slavery” (p. 70). He con-
        cluded his financial obligations to the widow at age eighteen, and
        left the South for Indiana and then Ohio where he set up his own
        iron foundry business. In 1845, Parker was asked to assist several
        escaping slaves in crossing the Ohio River on their way to Canada.
        He subsequently decided to pack up his shop and moved to
        Ripley, Ohio where white families operated safe houses. From
        there he helped more than 400 slaves find their way to freedom
        over a period of fifteen years. Since aiding slaves in this way was
        a federal offense, Parker was a wanted man and had a bounty on
        his head. Parker describes what some of the escaping slaves had
        to overcome to make it to the Ohio River.

469. Parker, Star.     Pimps, Whores, and Welfare Brats: The Stunning
     Conservative Transformation of a Former Welfare Queen.         Written
     with Lorenzo Benet.       Introduction by Rush Limbaugh.          New
     York, New York: Pocket Books, 1997.              205 pages.      ISBN:
     0671534653.
        Abstract: Star Parker was a rebellious teenager who took out her
348        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        anger and sense ‘of persecution on the white people around her.
        She bombed the cars of two of her teachers and was involved in
        many robberies, break-ins, and other violent crimes. After high
        school, she went to Los Angeles and began living on welfare. She
        had a number of abortions that were paid for by welfare, and she
        managed to live in relative comfort by selling her Medi-Cal stick-
        ers to others to use for abortions, check-ups, dental work, etc.
        Parker began to change her way of thinking when she became
        involved with a church.      The next time she got pregnant, she car-
        ried the baby to term and decided to raise her herself. She com-
        pleted her college education, and began making a living by start-
        ing a magazine that listed the social calendars of a number of black
        churches in Los Angeles.      To fund the magazine, Parker solicited
        advertising from small businesses, many of them in the South
        Central Los Angeles area. During the ten years that the magazine
        was in operation, Parker married a white man and the two had a
        daughter together. Just when the magazine had started earning
        money, the 1992 Los Angeles riots, ignited by the initial verdict in
        the Rodney King police brutality case, destroyed most of the busi-
        nesses in the South Central area, thus wiping out the advertising
        revenue that had kept her magazine going. During and after the
        violence, Parker called in reports to a Christian call-in show on
        KKLA. After that, she became known as a black conservative. She
        was invited to speak at presidential-candidate Pat Buchanan's
        conference on New Conservatism in 1993 and has participated in
        other media activities in which she spoke from a black conserva-
        tive viewpoint. After one program, she was contacted by Rush
         Limbaugh, a popular conservative radio personality. The two
         spoke at length, and Limbaugh wrote an article about her in his
         monthly newsletter and mentioned her in his radio program. At
         present, Parker is involved in the Coalition on Urban Affairs and
         speaks at colleges and universities. She was also hired as a corre-
         spondent for GOP television during the 1996 Republican National
         Convention in San Diego, where she gave a speech on the con-
         vention floor. The second half of the book is devoted to her ideas
         and opinions on the breakdown of the black family, the black
         urban crisis, moral restraint, liberalism, and using capitalism and
         independent efforts to end dependence on welfare.

470. Patel, Kusum     (1919-1999).     A Passage From India: Notes to My
      Grandchildren. Plattsburgh, New York: Pennysaver Press, 1998.
      168 pages; photographs.        ISBN: none.
         Abstract: Kusum Patel writes her story at the request of one of her
         grandsons, and as a means of "utilizing my time fruitfully without
                         The Bibliography                                349



        being bored in a foreign country" (p. 163). Patel is the mother of
        four sons, one of whom died in infancy, and grandmother to seven
        grandchildren, all of whom were born in the United States. She
        moved to the United States when she was sixty-four. She was
        born in Madras to a wealthy family. The family moved to Bombay,
        where Patel was raised and educated. Unlike most young women
        of that time, she was allowed and even encouraged to get an edu-
        cation. She attended Bombay University College and Elphinstone
        College. Her father helped to establish schools in the Bombay area
        and sponsored many students who could not afford to attend col-
        lege. Her husband was one of those students, a poor young man
        in poor health, and Patel married him despite her parents’ objec-
        tions. After she received an M. Ed. from the University of Baroda
        in 1951 and worked as a lecturer there, Patel sent out applications
        to universities in the United States. She received a Fulbright
        Travel Grant and a Ford Foundation Fellowship to pursue gradu-
        ate studies at Yale University, where she earned an M.S. in
        Education in 1955. Patel returned to India to be with her husband
        and three children and served in many positions, including the
        principal of the Government Female Teachers’ Training College,
        Assistant Educational Inspector, and Deputy Director of
        Education for the State of Gujarat. She retired in 1977. In the
        meantime, all three of her sons settled in the United States. Patel's
        husband died in 1973. She remained in India until 1983, when she
        moved to Plattsburgh, New York, to live with her oldest son until
        her death in 1999. She respected the changes she observed in the
        lifestyles of her sons and their wives and the different ways that
        her grandchildren were raised, recognizing that she herself had
        broken away from traditional expectations. In her book, Patel
        encourages her grandchildren to live according to the Hindu cul-
        ture by respecting their mothers, ancestors, and teachers: "You, my
        children and grandchildren, should remember this and believe
        and behave accordingly—never do any harm to anyone. Be kind
        and helpful. Try to go up the ladder but be satisfied with what
        you have. ... Human life is very precious" (p. 163).

471. Patience, Alice Patterson.    Bittersweet Memories of Home.
     Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania: Wilkes University Press, 1999. 71
    pages; photographs. ISBN: 0966113020.
       Abstract: Alice Patterson Patience, aged eighty-two at the writing
       of her autobiography, lives in the house that has been in her moth-
       er's family since at least 1850. Through the years, the house has
       been improved and added to, Patience and her husband made
       their contribution to the house by adding indoor bathrooms, hot
350        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        and cold running water, and other amenities. As a child, she and
        her family lived on one side of the house and her maternal aunt
        and family lived on the other. Patience describes the times of her
        childhood, particularly conditions for African Americans in
        Pennsylvania. Although circumstances were not as desperate as
        in southern states, she and her family witnessed cross burnings,
        experienced ridicule, and had limited opportunities for employ-
        ment. Patience was part of a large, closely knit family that came
        together for regular meals, activities, and all special occasions.
        She and her cousin Blanche were two of just a few African
        Americans attending the public schools. They attended their sen-
        ior prom with cousins as their escorts, and were the first of the
        family to attend college. Patience attended Bennett College, an all-
        African-American       women's       college    in   Greensboro,        North
        Carolina: "I remember the first time I walked into the auditorium
        and saw people who looked like me—all looked like me. And for
        the first time a great weight fell off my shoulders. I no longer had
        to struggle; I could just be myself" (p. 29). In 1937, she and her
        classmates initiated a boycott when movie theater managers
        decided to cut portions out of films that showed African
        Americans in "uncharacteristic" roles. The boycott lasted for
        months and was ultimately successful in halting the practice.
        During World War II, Patience joined the WACs and served in the
        medical     corps.   She   married   Edgar     Patience,   a sculptor    who
        became world-famous for his work with anthracite coal. Patience
        earned a master's degree from the University of Scranton, and
        worked for forty years with Blue Cross. She credits the top man-
        agement of Blue Cross for hiring her, having her work in the front
        office with customers, and promoting her to a position in which
        she supervised white managing supervisors, all during a time
        when most corporations would not hire blacks to do anything but
        menial labor.

472. Payne, Lucille Mable Walthall. The Seventeenth Child. Written
     with Dorothy Marie Rice. North Haven, Connecticut: Linnet
      Books, 1998.      101 pages; photographs.              ISBN: 020802414x :
      0208024158.
         Abstract: Payne was born the seventeenth child in her family on
         a small farm in Glenland, Virginia, in 1929. In her book she
         describes growing up during the Great Depression. She notes that
         black farmers were among the poorest class of people in the
         United States during that time and that her family was no excep-
         tion. Payne and her family lived in a segregated society. They
         didn't know why, but they accepted it. Nonetheless, her parents
                          The Bibliography                               351


       were not afraid of white people; the family was continuously mov-
       ing because her father, born in 1865, did not hesitate to speak his
       mind. At one point the family packed up and moved to be near
       siblings in Montclair, New Jersey, but her parents found it impos-
       sible to find work there, and they returned to Virginia. Both of her
       parents insisted that the children attend school, and chores were
       left until they returned home in the evening. Still, Payne was only
       able to receive a seventh grade education. She describes her fam-
       ily, the houses in which they lived, their various forms of enter-
       tainment and occupation, food, and clothing.      She also discusses
       methods of planting, maintaining, harvesting, and preserving
       tobacco, their primary crop. At fourteen, Payne moved to New
       Jersey on her own, but was called back home by her mother, who
       wanted her to finish her schooling. After she married, Payne
       moved with her husband to Danbury, Connecticut, where they
       raised and educated their children. In 1971, she returned to
       Virginia to live.

473. Payton, Walter. Never Die Easy: The Autobiography of Walter
     Payton. Written with Don Yaeger. New York, New York:
     Villard Books, 2000.    268 pages; photographs.      ISBN:
     0679463313.
       Notes:    Large print edition published Thorndike, Maine:
       Thorndike Press, 2001. ISBN: 0786231262 (456 pages); Paperback
       edition published New York: Random House Trade Paperbacks,
       2000. ISBN: 0375758216.
       Abstract: This work was completed posthumously and is a com-
       bination of the reflections of those close to football player Walter
       Payton as well as of Payton himself. Born in 1954, Payton was
       raised in the small Mississippi town of Columbia. During his
       childhood, he spent as much time as possible playing sports.
       Because black athletes were not recruited by the schools in the
       Southeastern    Conference   (SEC) during the early 1960s, Payton
       chose to attend college at Jackson State, a small school in the
       Southwestern Athletic Conference      (GWAC).    Payton writes that
       SEC athletes received a lot of attention and were treated as celebri-
       ties.   In SWAC, students used football as a way to attend college
       where they trained to be preachers and teachers. The athletes at
       Jackson State worked hard and were treated equally no matter
       how well they performed. There was no time to bask in one's
       glory, and drawing attention to oneself was strongly discouraged.
       Payton believed that it was the attitude of coach Bob Hill to "keep
       it real" that kept players focused on their work with the team.
952            Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         Despite being overlooked for the Heisman Trophy, Payton was the
         number-one pick for the Chicago Bears, and after he began to
         adjust to cold weather and big-city life, Chicago became his home.
         Payton looks back over his career and the details of individual
         games. He remembers his close friends from the team, especially
         Roland Harper and Matt Suhey. Important milestones for Payton
         were breaking Jim Brown's rushing record in 1984 and winning
         the Super Bowl in 1985. Payton retired in 1987 at the age of thir-
         ty-three after thirteen years with the Bears. After several post-
         retirement options fell through, Payton found his niche with rac-
         ing cars, first as a driver and then as an owner. His Walter Payton
         Foundation developed and runs the Wishes to Santa program,
         which provides gifts to poor children at Christmas time, and has
         also taken responsibility for various inner-city school programs.
         Payton was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame shortly
         before he was diagnosed with primary sclerosis cholangitis and
         cancer of the liver. He died from the disease in November 1999.

474. Peltier, Leonard.     United States Prisoner #89637-132.         Prison
      Writings: My Life Is My Sun Dance. Edited by Harvey Arden.
      Introduction by Arvol Looking Horse. Preface by Ramsey
      Clark.     New   York, New   York: St. Martin's Press, 1999.        243
      pages; photographs. ISBN: 0312203543.
         Notes: Published in paperback New York: St. Martin's Press, 2000.
         ISBN: 0312263805.
         Abstract: The general tragedy of the U.S. government's treatment
         of Native Americans over the history of this country and the per-
         sonal tragedy of the wrongful imprisonment of Leonard Peltier
         are the subject of the essays and reflections in this work. Peltier
         became involved with the activities of AIM (the American Indian
         Movement) following the occupation by Indians of Alcatraz Island
         in the San Francisco Bay in 1969. He participated in the successful
         occupation of Fort Lawton near Seattle in 1970, which is now an
         Indian cultural center; the occupation of the Bureau of Indian
         Affairs Building in Washington, D.C.; and many other Indian
         rights activities. During what is called the "reign of terror" on the
         Pine Ridge Reservation in South Dakota, members of AIM were
         called in to protect tribal elders who seemed to be targeted by a
         combination of local "nontraditional" residents organized into a
         group called GOON, and FBI and BIA personnel. During a fire-
         fight possibly started by one of these groups, two FBI agents were
         killed, and Peltier and three other AIM members were accused of
         this murder. Two of the defendants were found innocent and one
                          The Bibliography                                 353


        had his case dismissed. Only Peltier was found guilty and sen-
        tenced to two consecutive life sentences. Peltier describes the fab-
        rication of evidence and the false witnesses who were used to con-
        vict him, much of which has been admitted to by government per-
        sonnel involved in prosecuting the case. He describes his treat-
        ment in prison and his concern for the well being of Native
        Americans and for justice and opportunity for all people. While
        in prison, Peltier has remained active as an advocate for Native
        Americans. He writes,
                 Prison hasn't prevented me from helping people.
                 I organize clothing, food, and toy drives year
                 round. I support women's shelters and Head
                 Start programs. I have established a scholarship
                 for Native law students at New York University
                 and also helped to fund a newspaper by and for
                 Indian children.    I'm a foster parent to two
                 young boys in Guatemala and El Salvador. I've
                 been working on ways to improve the health
                 care system    on the Rosebud     Reservation,   and
                 recently have become       involved   in economic
                 reform for Pine Ridge.                        (p. 37)
        Peltier ultimately decided that his only crime is being an Indian.
        At the time this book was published, he had been in prison near-
        ly twenty-five years, and despite the fact that the government
        prosecutor and one of the trial judges involved in the case have
        stated that there is no true evidence to support Peltier's conviction,
        he remains there, with no presidential pardon forthcoming.

475. Pendergrass,    Teddy.     Truly Blessed.      Written   with Patricia
     Romanowski.      New York, New York: G. P. Putnam's Sons, 1998.
     319 pages; photographs; discography. ISBN: 039914420x.
        Notes: Also published New York: Berkeley Boulevard, 1999.
        ISBN: 0425171108.
       Abstract: Singer Teddy Pendergrass was born after his father left
       his mother, and was raised by her in Philadelphia. He spent his
       early years living over a church, surrounded by religion and
       enveloped in the dedicated love and attention of his mother. He
       sang his first solo in church at the age of three. Pendergrass's
       musical career began when he was hired as a drummer for Little
       Royal, and then as a singer for Harold Melvin and the Blue Notes.
       He quickly became the most prominent member of the group,
       which subsequently changed its name to Harold Melvin and the
       Blue Notes Featuring Theodore Pendergrass. The group was phe-
354       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        nomenally successful, but Harold Melvin appeared to be the only
        member making any profits. After falling out with Melvin,
        Pendergrass became a solo act. He was able to work large crowds
        of women into a frenzy with his voice and sexiness. In 1982, at the
        age of thirty-two, Pendergrass was in a car accident that left him
        permanently paralyzed from the chest down. He describes the
        hopelessness of the first years after the accident, the dedication of
        his mother and Karen Still, a woman whom he later married.        He
        eventually was able to sing well enough to continue recording suc-
        cessful albums and he has received numerous awards for his con-
        tribution to the field of rhythm and blues. The book ends with a
        description of a tour he made in 1996, fourteen years after his acci-
        dent. Pendergrass voices his appreciation to the wonderful recep-
        tion he received from his fans.

476. Perez Firmat, Gustavo (1949- ). Next Year in Cuba:          A Cubano’s
      Coming-of-Age in America.   New York, New             York: Anchor
      Books, 1995. 275 pages. ISBN: 038547296x.
        Notes:   New- York: Anchor Books, 1996.    ISBN: 0385472978;
        Houston: Scrivenery Press, 2000. ISBN: 1893818144 (296 pages,
        revised edition).
        Abstract:   Poet, writer, and professor Gustavo Perez Firmat was
        born in Cuba in 1949. He came to the United States with his fam-
        ily at the age of eleven. Perez Firmat and his family considered
        themselves to be in exile as opposed to having emigrated.
        Looking back on the family's thirty-five years in Miami, Perez
        Firmat sees that his parents expected to be able to go back to their
        lives in Cuba. His father, who had been a successful merchant in
        Havana, held cabinet posts in several Cuban         governments-in-
        exile. During his childhood, Perez Firmat's parents neglected their
        children and failed to direct them in their education and profes-
        sional careers because they considered themselves to be in a tem-
        porary state. Perez Firmat talks about the hatred of the exiles for
        Castro. He finds it impossible to ever forgive the dictator for what
        he did to Cuba, and as time passes, he hates him even more for
        what the exiles have lost in terms of culture, home, and family life.
        Perez Firmat describes some of the culture the Cubans brought to
        the United States and how the culture has changed as the original
        immigrants age and their children and grandchildren become
        more Americanized. He describes himself as being a member of
        the "one-and-a-half generation," Cubans who came to the United
        States as children or adolescents.   At this point in his life, Perez
        Firmat doesn't think he would be able to go back to Cuba and live,
                         The Bibliography                                355


        but he feels the day is drawing near when this decision will have
        to be made.

477. Perez, Luis (1904- ). El Coyote, The Rebel. Introduction by Lauro
     Flores. Houston, Texas: Arte Publico Press, 2000.          164 pages.
     ISBN: 1558852964.
        Notes: Originally published by Henry Holt and Company, 1947.

478. Perry, Cynthia Shepard.      All Things Being Equal: One Woman's
    Journey.   Houston, Texas: Stonecrest International Publishers,
     1998.   255 pages; photographs;          facsimiles; maps.       ISBN:
     0967557100.
        Abstract: Perry tells the story of setting and accomplishing her
        long-term goal of becoming an ambassador to an African country.
        In 1956, at the age of twenty-six and mother to three children,
        Perry was ready to accomplish something beyond child rearing
        and housekeeping. After a discussion with her high school prin-
        cipal and mentor, Perry worked out a plan to earn a B.A. in polit-
        ical science and eventually her Ph.D. and then enter government
        service. Her mentor advised her to think in terms of twenty-five
        to thirty years for reaching her goal. By 1969, Perry was at the
        University of Massachusetts as a doctoral fellow in the Center for
        International Studies, the only woman and only African American
        in the program. It was suggested to Perry that she might be more
        comfortable in the Center for Urban Studies with the "others."
        Perry, however, was intent on her career path and refused to be
        diverted. She earned a doctorate in international education and
        went on to work with the Peace Corps and with A.I.D. (Agency for
        International Development). She developed graduate programs
        for Peace Corps volunteers, assisted A.I.D. by developing policies
        and programs for Africa, and worked to secure public and private
        funding for African human-resource development. Perry also
        lived in Africa while working for the United Nations to develop
        training and educational programs for African professionals. In
        1986 (thirty years after first setting out her plan), Perry, who was
       Chief of Human     Resources   Development    for A.I.D., received   a
       phone call inquiring about her interest in serving as ambassador
       to Sierra Leone for the Reagan Administration. She was in South
       Africa on business when President Reagan called and asked her to
       take the position. It was not long before Perry was packing up her
       family and preparing for a move to Sierra Leone. She writes in
       detail about her work there, the trials and successes and the per-
       sonal and familial demands and hardships. Perry writes about the
356        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         politics of rice and diamonds, the continual threat of terrorism,
         and the difficulties of being female in a male-dominated career
         and culture. She approached her work with single mindedness
         and a desire to do what was best for her country and for the peo-
         ple of Sierra Leone. During her tenure as ambassador, ongoing
         research into slave ancestry and roots uncovered the clear connec-
         tion between the Gullah and Geechee people of the Sea Islands off
         the coast of South Carolina and Georgia and the people of Sierra
         Leone.      Perry worked with other officials to arrange a visit by
         President Momah to the South Carolina Sea Islands, and a recip-
         rocal visit by a group of Gullahs was planned for 1990-1991. At
         the end of her term in Sierra Leone, Perry was appointed by the
         Bush administration to be ambassador to the small central African
         country of Burundi.

479. Peters, James Sedalia (1917- ). Family Generations: Stories of My
     Father, My Son and My Daughters. Storrs, Connecticut: Peters &
      Associates Publishers, 1999.        48 pages; photographs.      ISBN:
      none.

480. Petersen, Lt. General Frank E. Into the Tiger’s Jaw: America's
      First Black Marine Aviator.        Written with J. Alfred Phelps.
      Novato, California: Presidio Press, 1998.         334 pages; photo-
      graphs. ISBN: 0891416757.
         Abstract:      Frank E. Petersen was born and raised in Topeka,
         Kansas, but he has no fond memories of his boyhood there. He
         writes that his experiences in high school reflected the climate of
         Topeka in general. He went to school under conditions of "quasi-
         integration, which highlighted, even celebrated, the segregated
         way of living" (p. 18). Petersen was anxious to leave home and see
         the ocean, which meant to him joining the Navy. Receiving the
         reluctant good wishes of his parents, he set out to accomplish this
         goal. Racism began with the Navy recruiter, who asked Petersen
         to retake the test, assuming from his high score that he must have
         cheated. The recruiter then offered Petersen a "good job" as a
         steward, which Peterson turned down. Petersen had a very suc-
         cessful military career. He was the only black cadet in his cadet
         training course in Pensacola. In 1952, he was the first African
         American to be commissioned as a Marine Corps aviator, the sec-
         ond to be promoted to second lieutenant, and the first black fight-
         er squadron commander.        He was often the only African-
         American officer on a base or with a troop. He was arrested for
         impersonating an officer, continuously asked to show his ID, and
                          The Bibliography                                357


        constantly challenged by superiors and subordinates alike. As he
        neared promotion to full colonel, charges of falsifying his flight
        records were leveled against him. No merit was found in the
        charges, and all evidence of the case was expunged from his
        record. Despite the opposition he faced, Petersen always had
        someone who believed in his abilities and others who were his
        comrades and friends. This was enough to keep him from giving
       up. After tours in Korea and Vietnam, Petersen served in Japan
       and Okinawa. He was later made the first Special Assistant for
       Minority Matters to the Commandant of the Marine Corps. He
       worked at minority officer recruitment and toured bases in Europe
       to observe and report on conditions. Petersen noted abysmal
       morale and disaffection among minority troops and a complete
       lack of awareness of this situation on the part of the highest rank-
       ing officers associated with them. His work in this area made him
       a controversial figure across all branches of the military. Petersen
       offers a thorough discussion of issues of race, integration, and cul-
       tural differences as manifested in the Marine Corps and in the
       armed services in general. He achieved the rank of lieutenant gen-
       eral before retiring in 1988. Petersen became vice president for
       aviation at the Dupont Corporation and, after retiring at age sixty-
       five, began his own business addressing aviation safety.

481. Pham, Andrew X (1967- ). Catfish and Mandala: A Two-Wheeled
    Voyage through the Landscape and Memory of Vietnam. New York,
    New York: Farrar, Straus, and Giroux, 1999. 344 pages. ISBN:
    0374119783 : 0374119740.
       Notes:      Also published New York: Picador USA, 2000.          ISBN:
       0312267177.
       Abstract:    Andrew Pham's book is a travelogue interwoven with
       memories      from various   points in his life as a child of war, a
       refugee, and an immigrant. He begins and ends his story with the
       suicide of his thirty-two-year-old sister, the oldest child in the fam-
       ily. After the death of his sister, Pham takes off on a bicycle ride
       through the deserts of Mexico. He returns to his family home in
       San Jose, California, long enough to plan his next escape: a bicycle
       ride up the Pacific Coast and then on to Vietnam with a stopover
       in Japan. Pham is returning to Vietnam twenty years after escap-
       ing in 1977. Once there, Pham reunites with family, visits his old
       neighborhood and home, travels by bicycle to his native village,
       and then goes to Hanoi and back again to Saigon. On the road to
       Hanoi, Pham is reviled and scorned repeatedly for being a Viet-
       kieu or foreign Vietnamese, a Korean, or a Japanese.        He recalls
358           Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         being similarly attacked when bicycling up the California coast.
         Pham suffers from fevers and dysentery and is repulsed by the
         deterioration of the countryside and the poverty and squalor of
         his accommodations. He is also embraced by his family and treat-
         ed kindly by strangers when he no longer expects any such con-
         sideration.    As he records his travel experiences, Pham recounts
         memories of his childhood before the fall of Saigon. He remem-
         bers the family's harrowing escape by fishing boat and the last-
         minute rescue by an Indonesian freighter. He examines the lega-
         cy of violence his family has brought with them to America and
         the wrenching transition to life in the United States. Pham also
         looks back on the life of his oldest sister, Chi, who, once in
         America, lived her life as a boy, ran away from home, and later
         underwent a sex change. Chi returned home as Minh after an
         absence of over fourteen years and killed himself within the year.
         Pham contemplates the meaning and necessity of forgiveness,
         whether for parents who have made mistakes, for veterans of the
         Vietnam Conflict, for himself as a Vietnamese who left the coun-
         try, or for the Vietnamese and Americans who fail to accept him as
         a countryman. As Pham nears the end of his journey, he considers
         staying on in Vietnam, but finds that he is more than ready to
         return to the United States, although unsure of whether he is an
         American.

482. Pham, David Lan. Two Hamlets in Nam Bo: Memoirs of Life in
     Vietnam through Japanese Occupation, the French and American
      Wars,    and     Communist   Rule,   1940-1986.    Jefferson,   North
      Carolina: McFarland & Company, 2000.              299 pages.    ISBN:
      0786406461.
         Abstract: Pham was born in 1940 during the Japanese occupation
         of Vietnam. He was born in Tuy An, his father's village, but spent
         his earliest childhood years with his mother's family in Binh
         Chuan. Pham writes that life was peaceful during the years of the
         Second World War, but following the war and the escalation of
         fighting between the Viet Minh and the French, the town of Tuy
         An, where he was sent for schooling, was completely destroyed.
         Pham's father was suspected by both the French and the Viet
         Minh, and was eventually arrested by both. His family moved to
         a town near Saigon. At ten, Pham was disillusioned by the French
         influence on Vietnam and he left home to join the Viet Minh only
         to be sent back home because he was too young to fight. He con-
         tinued his education and became a teacher and a librarian. Pham
         describes the brief period of Vietnamese independence beginning
         in 1954, the growing cultural and military influence of the United
                                 The Bibliography                                259


           States, and the rise of the Viet Cong. He discusses the many polit-
           ical parties, the individuals who aspired to leadership, and the
           state of affairs between North and South Vietnam. In 1973, fol-
           lowing the takeover of Saigon by the Communists, Pham lost his
           job, his family suffered from malnutrition, and his belongings and
           property were confiscated. He sought to farm in his father's vil-
           lage but was not recognized as a resident by the local government.
           Local villagers would sabotage his crops while they grew and raid
           whatever was available for harvest. Pham began to practice tra-
           ditional Vietnamese medicine and acupuncture to treat his own
           health problems. Soon people, friends and enemies alike, came
           from throughout the surrounding area in hopes of a cure. Along
           with his other hardships, Pham was watched closely by the local
           government and police and questioned on a regular basis. He
           found that despite his dire situation, he could not decide whether
           or not to leave Vietnam: "Staying meant accepting the status quo.
           Leaving meant missing and renouncing everything for good" (p.
           203).   In 1986, Pham finally decided to escape with two brothers
           and his oldest son. They made it safely to the Philippines, where
           they stayed in two different refugee camps before being sent to
           Toledo, Ohio. Pham's story ends as he is learning to adjust to life
           in the United States. He faces his first cold winter in Ohio suffer-
           ing with intense loneliness and homesickness for his native coun-
           try.


483. Pierce, Chester.       See Griffith, Ezra E. H. (1942- ).

484. Poitier, Sidney. The Measure of a Man: A Spiritual Autobiography.
     San     Francisco,     California:   HarperSanFrancisco,          2000.    255
     pages; photographs. ISBN: 0062516078 : 0062516086.
           Abstract:      This    is Sidney   Poitier's   second   autobiography.
        According to the introduction, the Academy Award winning actor
        wrote his first one about his life in Hollywood, and decided to
        write this one about "life itself." He describes his poor but idyllic
        childhood on Cat Island in the Bahamas, a place where bartering
        was more frequently used than money and where he was free,
        even as a very young child, to wander all over the island and enjoy
        the beaches, woods, and fruit that grew wild.              Poitier's parents
        were poor their entire lives. Despite this, they retained a philoso-
        phy that helped to steer them through the loss of their livelihood
        as tomato farmers on Cat Island and the menial work they were
        subsequently reduced to in Nassau. Poitier writes, "I didn't think
        about the color of my skin. Not any more than I would have both-
        ered to wonder why the sand was white or the sky was blue” (p.
360        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         29). Growing up not seeing or believing race to be an issue pre-
         pared him to make his way in the white world of Hollywood.
         "[H]aving arrived in America with a foundation that had had time
         to set, the Jim Crow way of life had trouble overwhelming me" (p.
         42). Poitier never became outwardly outraged at racial slights, but
         he refused to give in to inferior images others may have had of
         him. He did not accept roles that he felt were beneath his dignity.
         He writes about the difficulty of his divorce from his first wife, his
         effort to maintain his relationship with his children, and his ideas
         on life following the peak of his career in movies and theater.

485. Portwood, Shirley Motley. Tell Us a Story: An African American
      Family in the Heartland.    Carbondale, Illinois: Southern Illinois
      University Press, 2000.        242 pages; photographs.            ISBN:
      0809323133 : 0809323141.
         Abstract: Shirley Motley Portwood traveled through Arkansas,
         Mississippi, and Tennessee looking through library, church, and
         county records to trace her family history back seven generations.
         Portwood opens her book with the story of how she and her sib-
         lings proudly watched as their father chased a white man, who
         was attempting to cheat him, off their farm. This was a proud
         moment for the children and is part of the repertoire of stories that
         her family has shared over the years. Portwood tells this and
         many other stories of her childhood, of her parents’ lives growing
         up in rural southern Illinois, and of the children and grandchil-
         dren. Portwood and all six of her siblings attended college,
         instructed by their mother to wait to get married until after they
         had graduated and begun careers. Portwood's father earned both
         a bachelor's and master's degree after he was a grandfather, and
         eventually moved from farming to being a vocational rehabilita-
         tion counselor for the state of Illinois. Portwood tells a favorite
         story about how her grandfather and two of his friends walked
         more than 300 miles to Jefferson, Missouri, to present themselves
         to the president of Lincoln University, at that time a college for
         African-American students, who had visited their school and
         encouraged the students to come to Lincoln. Portwood's grandfa-
         ther and his friends took the president at his word and, upon
         arrival, went straight to the president's office to tell him that they
         were ready to attend. They asked him for his help in enrolling,
         finding jobs and housing, all of which he gave. Portwood con-
         cludes her book by describing her travels through the South to
         establish her family's history. She reflects on her family's slave
         ancestry and the emotional impact of finding concrete evidence
         that her great great grandparents had the legal status of inherita-
                          The Bibliography                                    361


        ble household property. Portwood also makes peace with the
        apparent truth that her great great grandparents were not heroic
        rebels in the style of Harriet Tubman or Nat Turner and comes to
        appreciate them for having managed, under nearly impossible cir-
        cumstances, to hold together a family of six children who brought
        forth the proud Motley family of Portwood's childhood.

486. Potts, Willie Frank, Jr.      Journey to God’s House.            Starkville,
     Mississippi:    American      Voices,     1999.     198 pages.        ISBN:
     1928959008.
        Abstract:   Willie Frank Potts, Jr. served as a soldier in the Vietnam
        Conflict.   He was involved in fierce fighting and returned home
        after being seriously wounded.       Back in civilian life, Potts partici-
        pated in many robberies for which he served several years in jail.
        Out of jail, he began buying property in the Bronx with an eye
        towards renovating buildings and thus improving the neighbor-
        hood. He also became involved in politics, starting a group called
        the New Breed Republicans and working to register voters. Potts
        and his group were honored by President Ronald Reagan at the
        White House. Potts also worked as a Christian evangelist. When
        he realized he was unable to support himself working on civic
        projects, he returned to illegal methods of making money. After
        more time in jail, he moved to Mississippi, where he started anoth-
        er branch of the New Breed Republicans, opened a sewing facto-
        ry, and got married. The book ends with Potts involved in pro-
        ducing Christian programming on a local cable television station.

487. Powell, Colin L. In His Own Words: Colin Powell.               Edited and
    collected by Lisa Rogak. A Perigee Book. New York, New
    York: Berkeley Publishing Group, 1995. 150 pages. ISBN:
    0399522247.
       Abstract: This book is a collection of short published statements
       by Colin Powell. It can be used to get an idea of his views on pol-
       itics, government, and social issues, such as affirmative          action,
       abortion, education, and his own upbringing.


488. —. My American Journey. Written with Joseph E. Persico. New
    York, New       York: Random      House,     1995.    643 pages;     photo-
    graphs. 0679765115.
       Notes: Published as a large print edition New York: Random
       House, 1995. ISBN: 0679765115 (987 pages). Published in paper-
       back New York: Ballentine, 1996.       ISBN: 0345407288.
362       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



       Abstract: Colin Powell's parents were born in Jamaica and met in
       Harlem. Powell fell in love with the army while a member of the
       ROTC and the Pershing Rifles at City College of New York. An
       oddity in a family which seemed to churn out professionals,
       Powell was an indifferent student and exhibited no particular
       drive. In the ROTC, however, he was motivated to work hard. He
       became a regular in the army after graduation from college.
       Powell rose steadily through the ranks. He served in Germany
       and completed two tours of duty in Vietnam. Powell describes the
       problems encountered by the United States during its military
       involvement in Vietnam and the many tragedies of that conflict.
       Upon his return to the United States, now married and with a fam-
       ily, Powell pursued graduate studies and became a White House
       Fellow. His work as a fellow was viewed favorably by the gov-
       ernment, and Powell found it difficult to fulfill his dream of com-
       manding troops as a uniformed soldier because he was continual-
       ly called back to serve as a military assistant in Washington, D.C.
       Powell served in the Carter administration, he was an assistant to
       Secretary of Defense Caspar Weinberger, and he was National
       Security Advisor during the Reagan administration.        He was
       appointed chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff during the Bush
       administration, and continued to serve under Clinton in this
       capacity. Powell dealt with the Iran hostage crisis (1979-81), the
        Lebanon truck bombing (1983), the Iranian arms deal and the
        covert siphoning of money to the Nicaraguan Contras (1985), the
        invasions of Grenada (1983) and Panama (1989), and the Gulf War
        (1990-91). During a brief respite from duty in Washington, D.C.,
        Powell returned to the field to command     the 75,000 troops of V
        Corp in Frankfurt, Germany. Powell recognizes the work of those
        African Americans who broke barriers and suffered from and
        resisted discriminatory policies and treatment, making it possible
        for his generation to accomplish their goals. Powell wished to
        memorialize the early contributions of African Americans in the
        army by providing a memorial to the Buffalo Soldiers, all-black
        troops formed after the Civil War: "I believed I had a duty to those
        black troops who had eased my way. Building a memorial to the
        Buffalo Soldiers became my personal crusade" (p. 278).

489. Powell Family.   See Benton, Corrine.
                           The Bibliography                                     363


490. Powell, Henry W. (1924-2000).            Witness to Civil Rights History:
     The Essays and Autobiography of Henry W. Powell. Compiled and
     with an introduction by Patrick Louis Cooney. Hasting, New
     York: Patrick Cooney, 2000. 171 pages; photographs. ISBN:
     none.
        Abstract: This compilation includes autobiographical writings
        and essays on African-American history. Powell was born in
        Pittsburgh,     raised    in   Philadelphia,     and   attended   Virginia
        Seminary      and Virginia Union       College, where      he majored     in
        English. He describes himself as a chronic mischief maker, a con-
        dition from which he did not recover until after graduating from
        college. His father bought a farm about the time Powell and his
        brother were finishing school, and they both ended up working
        there. Powell remained at the farm for nine years, 1948-1957. He
        describes the work as difficult and monotonous and life as very
        quiet and lonely. A high point of his life was his growing acquain-
        tance with his father's friend and colleague, Dr. Vernon Johns.
        Powell writes at great length about Dr. Johns's qualities as a pas-
        tor and his personal attributes, his many accomplishments, and
        his contributions to the Civil Rights Movement. Powell left the
        farm to pursue a teaching career, and it was while teaching that he
        met his wife. They moved briefly to Philadelphia, but then
        returned to Virginia, finally settling in Lynchburg. Powell writes
        extensively about his father's career as pastor at Shiloh Baptist
        Church in Philadelphia and two terms as president of Virginia
        Seminary. He describes his father's task of righting the seminary's
        economic woes and his sudden dismissal after seeing the institu-
        tion to solvency. Powell also writes about the seminary's current
        condition and prospects for the future. Compiler Cooney pub-
        lished this work after the death of Henry Powell.

491. Powell,    William      J.        Clearview:      America’s   Course:      The
    Autobiography of William J. Powell. As told to Ellen Susanna
    Nosner. Haslett, Michigan: Foxsong Publishing, 2000. 147
    pages; photographs. ISBN: 0967700027 : 0967700019.
        Abstract:   Powell was born in Greenville, Alabama, in 1916.            The
        family moved north to Minerva, Ohio, when the economic climate
        of World War I forced his father's general store out of business. It
        was in Minerva that Powell was first exposed to golf. He caddied
        for a local doctor who gave him lessons and thus access to cours-
        es where he might otherwise not have been welcome. Powell
        writes his life story in terms of defining moments. One was when
       his school principal took him aside and told him that it would not
364       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


        do for him to do as well as the white boys, but that he would have
        to do better to succeed. Powell accepted this honesty and took the
        message to heart. He played golf while attending Wilberforce
        College in Xenia, Ohio. He would have liked to join the profes-
        sional tour, but "opportunity was not part of the equation. What I
        do know is I never had the chance to find out [whether or not I
        would have succeeded]" (p. 21). Marriage, fatherhood, and golf
        were all interrupted by induction into the army. Powell spent his
        war years in England, playing on courses in England and Scotland
        whenever he got the chance: "In Great Britain I was seen as a golfer
        who happened to be black. Back home I was a black man trying
        to play a white man's game" (p. 55). His return to the States meant
        the return to Jim Crow conditions and the reality that the German
        POWs lived in better conditions with better treatment than the
        African-American soldiers returning from combat. Powell found
        that there were only two golf courses that welcomed him, and it
        was this scarcity of opportunity that led him to decide to build his
        own. In 1946, Powell, with the support of his wife and family,
        bought seventy-eight acres of land in Stark County, Ohio, to
        design, construct, and operate a nine-hole golf course. Ten years
        later he bought another fifty-two acres to expand his course to
        eighteen holes. In 1978, his golf course was finally completed.
        Powell describes the task of making a business out of his course
        once it was completed. His daughter Renee was an LPGA/PGA
        professional and became the course's head pro. His son Larry
        became the course supervisor. In 1988, Powell was inducted into
        the Canton Negro Old Timers Hall of Fame. This honor was the
        first of a steady stream of awards and honors. The PGA recog-
        nized the historic importance of Powell's Clearview course and
        sponsored renovations and improvements. Clearview was to cel-
        ebrate its grand reopening in 2000.

492. Powers, Georgia Davis. I Shared the Dream: The Pride, Passion,
     and Politics of the First Black Woman Senator from Kentucky. Far
     Hills, New Jersey: New Horizon Press, 1995. 321 pages; pho-
      tographs. ISBN: 088282127x.
        Abstract:   Politician Georgia Powers was born in Jimtown (for-
        merly Jim Crow Town), Kentucky, and grew up in Louisville. She
        was always a rebellious child and chafed at the idea that she
        would grow up to marry and have a house full of children. She
        attended local segregated schools and started undergraduate
        work at Louisville Municipal College, but did not finish. After a
        brief first marriage, Powers worked at a number of jobs, including
        riveting, sewing, and insurance.   She was invited to work on the
                            The Bibliography                             365



        campaign of Wilson Wyatt for U.S. Senate and the gubernatorial
        campaign of Ned Breathett, but was discouraged following the
        Breathett campaign when she was the only member of the staff not
        offered work in his administration.     Frustrated, Powers channeled
        her political energy into the Civil Rights Movement, and began
        working for Allied Organizations for Civil Rights. She was instru-
        mental in planning the march on Frankfort in 1964, and she par-
        ticipated in the march to Selma in 1965. During this time, Powers
        was in close contact with many of the important civil rights lead-
        ers, and she describes her close friendship with Martin Luther
        King, Jr. and his brother, A. D. King. She reflects on the hard work
        of many women and their second class status within the move-
        ment.      Powers went on to learn the ropes of the Democratic Party
        when she ran for Democratic Chairman of the 40* legislative dis-
        trict and the party executive committee. She then set her sights on
        the state senate. Although there were several African Americans
        serving as representatives, Powers was the first black senator in
        Kentucky. During her twenty years in office, she worked for an
        open public accommodations law, an end to housing and school
        desegregation, and a stronger Kentucky Civil Rights Act covering
        age and sex discrimination.     In 1984 and 1988, Powers worked for
        Jesse Jackson's presidential campaign. She resigned from the
        Kentucky Senate in 1988. Since then she has founded the Friends
        of Nursing Home Residents, Incorporated (FONHRI) and has
        worked with Quality Education for All Students (QUEST), which
        was formed to fight the attempts of the superintendent of schools
        of Jefferson County to undo the desegregation of its public
        schools.

493. Powers, Tyrone. Eyes to My Soul: The Rise or Decline of a Black
     FBI Agent. Dover, Maryland: Majority Press, 1996. 487 pages;
     photographs; index. ISBN: 0912469331.
        Abstract:     Tyrone Powers, currently a criminal justice and law
        enforcement      college instructor, was born into a family of six in
       Baltimore, Maryland. His parents were divorced. His father
       abused both Powers's mother and sister. Living in the Baltimore
       inner city, Powers and all of his siblings were either drug dealers
       or drug users. One brother was killed because of a deal gone
       wrong. Despite his unstable home life, Powers managed to stay in
       school, married early, and was hired by the Maryland State Police.
       During his time on the police force and subsequent employment
       with the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Powers was constantly
       at the mercy of the racist attitudes and actions of his colleagues, as
       well as under pressure from his brothers to leave the field of law
366        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        enforcement altogether. Powers asserts that racism is institution-
        alized in police departments and at the FBI and that there is an
        unending struggle to break the will of black employees. In one
        typical situation, Powers complained to a superior about the con-
        stant racist goading of a supervisor:
                 He informed     me   that he, too, had noted    the
                 insensitivity of the supervisor. He stated that the
                 issue had also been brought to his attention by a
                 female Special Agent. He stated that he had
                 rated the supervisor low in this area on his per-
                 formance appraisal. Within four years of this
                 incident, the supervisor was promoted twice.
                 Further, I was informed by a supervisor in
                 Detroit that [the superior] in Cincinnati had
                 labeled me a "racist" and a "troublemaker" and
                 had passed these comments on to the ASAC in
                 the Detroit division prior to my being trans-
                  ferred there. In the weeks, months, and years
                  that followed, the supervisor, with the assistance
                  of the Bureau tried to "break" me... .     (p. 311)
         Powers, who has worked extensively in drug-related matters, feels
         strongly that all efforts at fighting drugs in the United States are
         no more than cosmetic and that there are people in power who
         refuse to take effective action to change the status quo because it
         would not be to their economic benefit to do so.

494. Primus, Rebecca and Addie Brown. Beloved Sisters and Loving
     Friends: Letters from Rebecca Primus of Royal Oak, Maryland and
      Addie Brown of Hartford, Connecticut, 1854-1868.            Edited by
      Farah Jasmine Griffin. New York, New York: Knopf, 1999. 303
      pages; photographs; illustrations. ISBN: 0679451285.
         Notes: Also published New York : Ballantine Books, 2001.       ISBN:
         0345408543.
         Abstract: Editor Griffin presents the letters of Rebecca Primus and
         Addie Brown as one step toward filling in the gaps in the history
         of nineteenth-century African-American women.           Both women
         were from Hartford, Connecticut, but from different educational
         and economic backgrounds. Included are the 150 letters of Addie
         Brown to her friend Rebecca Primus, written between 1859 and
         1868, and sixty letters written by Primus to her family. Brown
         worked as a domestic in various cities in Connecticut and New
         York. Her letters shed light on the lives of African-American
                          The Bibliography                                 367


        working women in New England and New York at the time. They
        also give a detailed picture of an intense friendship between two
        young women. Primus's letters were written following her depar-
        ture for the South after the Civil War.   She was sent to Royal Oak,
        Maryland, by the Hartford Freedman's Aid Society to teach newly
        freed African-American children. Her letters describe southern
        prejudices, her experiences teaching the children, her view of
        Reconstruction politics, and her life as part of an Africa-American
        community.     Both women openly discuss their feelings about
        racism and white people. They write about the books they are
        reading, the politics of the time, the details of family and work life,
        and their surrounding environments. Griffin provides historical
        context and commentary to accompany the letters.

495. Prince, Nancy (b. 1799). A Narrative of the Life and Travels ofMrs.
     Nancy Prince.    New York Public Library Digital Library
     Collections.   Digital Schomburg.       New York, New York: New
     York Public Library, 1997.
        http:/ / digilib.nypl.org:80/dynaweb/digs/wwm97263/@Generic
        %o5F%5SFBOokView
        Notes:     Also University of North Carolina, Chapel              Hill.
        Documenting the South (Project).
        http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu/neh/ prince/ prince.html
        http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu/neh/ prince/prince.sgml
        Also published as A Black Woman's Odyssey through Russia and
        Jamaica: The Narrative of Nancy Prince. New York, New York: M.
        Wiener Publishing, 1989. ISBN: 1558760199 (93 pages).

496. Proctor, Samuel    DeWitt (1921-1997).       The Substance of Things
    Hoped For: A Memoir of African-American Faith. New York, New
    York: G. P. Putnam's Sons, 1995. 243 pages; photographs.
    ISBN: 0399140891.
        Notes: Also published Valley Forge, Pennsylvania: Judson Press,
        1999. ISBN: 0817013253.
        Abstract: Proctor tells his story in the context of his education and
        his work to make education available to as many young African
        Americans as possible. He writes about his early years in school,
        highlighted by African American teachers suing for equal pay
        from the state of Virginia. He attended Virginia Union University,
        supported by an anonymous donor, and then Crozer Seminary, his
        sights set on becoming a minister. Proctor earned a Ph.D. from
368     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



      Boston University and began his ministerial career at a small
      church in Providence, Rhode Island. By 1955, he was president of
      Virginia Union and went on to become president of North
      Carolina A&T University. Proctor was appointed by President
      Kennedy to direct the first full-scale Peace Corps Unit in Nigeria.
      He continued to work with the administrations of Kennedy and
      Johnson and with the Humphrey presidential campaign, writing
      many of Humphrey's speeches. Proctor left Washington, D.C., as
      the Nixon administration took charge. Following his governmen-
      tal work, Proctor continued his efforts in education.     He worked
      first for the University of Wisconsin to recruit black Ph.D. candi-
      dates and then went to Rutgers University as Martin Luther King
      Memorial Professor. There he developed a number of successful
      programs, including the Career Opportunity Program (COP),
      which brought African Americans who were without bachelor
      degrees but who were active in their communities into the masters
      of education program. Through COP, 120 new teachers were cer-
      tified within three years, and Proctor traces the successful career
      paths of many of these individuals. He also describes the difficul-
      ties, frustrations, and culture shock of African Americans with
      poor educational backgrounds recruited into higher education at
      predominantly white schools. Looking at the state of education
      today, Proctor observes that segregation in many school systems is
      still common, and that programs such as school vouchers only
      spell the continued deterioration of public education. A man with
      a strong Christian faith, and a firm believer in the necessity of edu-
      cation as a means to personal and social improvement, Proctor
      writes,

                Crisis comes with hopelessness.        The crisis
                grows as frustrated blacks fall behind in school
                and become comfortable with failure and
                nihilism. ... Next, the crisis breeds half truths,
                spurious anthropology, historical hearsay, and
                propaganda.  Finally, the crisis spirals ever
                upward as racists grab each opportunity to
                amplify all the bad news.                  (p. 171)
      But, Proctor also notes that "[b]lack people have a long history of
      standing up to the impossible and making the possible real" (p.
      213).
                          The Bibliography                                369


497. Pryor, Richard.      Pryor Convictions: And Other Life Sentences.
     Written with Todd       Gold.    New    York, New     York: Pantheon
     Books, 1995. 257 pages; photographs; index. ISBN: 0679432507
     : 037570048x.
        Abstract: Comedian and actor Richard Pryor was born and raised
        in Peoria, Illinois. His parents had a volatile on-again off-again
        relationship, and he was raised by his grandmother, who ran a
        brothel. Pryor initially did well in school, but became discouraged
        by instances of racism and a lack of parental attention.         He
        stopped trying to succeed and became a troublemaker.             He
        enjoyed performing, however, and did comedy routines to keep
        his family entertained. A drama teacher did her best to encourage
        him. When, at age fourteen, he used his talents to disrupt class, he
        was thrown out of school. By the time he was eighteen, he was
        spending most of his time drinking and womanizing, so he vol-
        unteered for the Army to try to keep himself out of trouble. He
        spent some time in Germany, but was kicked out of the Army after
        almost killing a man in a disagreement. Back in Peoria, he began
        getting jobs doing stand-up comedy routines and emceeing. In
        short order, his career in comedy took off. Pryor appeared in forty
        movies and made twenty-five stand-up comedy albums. He had
        a short-run television variety series and his own film production
        company. Over the entire thirty-year span of his career, Pryor suf-
        fered from drug and alcohol addiction.    He married six times, car-
        rying on affairs with other women throughout each of his short-
        lived marriages. He confesses to beating his wives and doing lit-
        tle for the six children he fathered. In 1980, during a three-day
        cocaine binge, he set himself on fire and almost died of the burns.
        At the age of forty-nine, Pryor was diagnosed with multiple scle-
        rosis, a disease that debilitated him to the point where he could no
        longer perform comedy. He had several heart attacks, the last one
        resulting in quadruple-bypass heart surgery.      As the book ends,
        Pryor is fifty-four years old, unrepentant, but amazed that he has
        lived as long as he has.

498. Qi, Shouhua. Bridging the Pacific: Searching for Cross-Cultural
     Understanding between the United States and China.          San
     Francisco, California: China Books and Periodicals, 2000.           204
     pages. ISBN: 0835126757.
        Abstract: In 1988, Qi came to the United States as a graduate stu-
        dent and English writing instructor at Illinois State University. In
        the first part of the book, he writes about the difficulty of leaving
        China, the task of making his way from the airport to his school in
370       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



       Illinois, and his first months in Chicago.      It was difficult, as a
       Chinese   immigrant,   to stand   up to American      students   as an
       English teacher, and he writes about several particularly awkward
       situations. Although he always rode a bicycle in China, he learns
       the importance of owning a car in the United States and discusses
       the cars he has owned since coming to this country. Other essays
       are about his father who was "re-educated" by the Communists
       after the Chinese revolution, and about a lengthy visit by Qi's
       wife's father and new stepmother. Following the section on per-
       sonal matters, Qi's essays turn to politics, particularly the relation-
       ship between China and the United States. Other subjects are the
       Taiwan Strait crises, the influence of Deng Xiaoping on China, fal-
       lacies about China that pass for truth in the West, and some brief
       notes about a trip Qi made back to China. The final section is enti-
       tled "A Happy Mean," and in it he recalls some of his impressions
       of the United States as a newcomer. He touches on topics such as
       the Monica Lewinsky scandal, election-year politics and his own
       desire to be able to cast a vote, the difficulty of pronouncing names
       in the United States, the Olympic games, and differences in the
       way Americans and Chinese give out praise.

499. Queen Latifah. See Latifah, Queen.

500. Ramirez, Juan (1949- ). A Patriot after All: The Story of a
     Chicano Vietnam Vet. Albuquerque, New Mexico: University of
     New Mexico Press, 1999. 179 pages. ISBN: 0826319580 :
     0826319599.
       Abstract: Juan Ramirez was a third-generation Californian raised
       in a protective family atmosphere. He took pride in his Mexican
       heritage, but also felt that it was something to hide. Following
       high school, Ramirez joined the Marine Corps. This was in 1968
       during the Vietnam Conflict and after the escalation of U.S.
       involvement began.      Ramirez describes the psychological and
       physical abuse he and others endured in basic training and then
       the horrors of his experiences in Vietnam. He served two tours of
       duty and was rebellious and disillusioned through them both. He
       attempted suicide during his second tour, went AWOL on several
       occasions, and finally received an undesirable discharge. After
       leaving the army, Ramirez made a living delivering newspapers
       and began taking drugs. He worked for two-and-a-half years with
       the United Farm Workers, but his dependence on alcohol and
       drugs, combined with his violent temper, made it difficult for him
       to interact positively with others. It was years before he was able
       to confront the trauma of his experiences in Vietnam and deal with
                        The Bibliography                                371


       his anger and addictions. Eventually he appealed his undesirable
       discharge and was awarded an honorable discharge. The panel of
       Marine officers at the hearing was shocked that someone with his
       record of honors and accomplishments in battle had been dis-
       charged as undesirable. Through therapy and group sessions,
       Ramirez came to a better understanding of himself and of his vet-
       eran colleagues: "I, and all the other young Americans like me,
       were victimized by the U.S. war machine, which played on our
       honest patriotic desire by lying to us about the nature of the war.
       At the same time, we are morally responsible for our own actions
       in the war" (p. 162). Ramirez began working for Veterans’ Services
       and speaks in schools about the Vietnam Conflict and his experi-
       ences as a soldier and a veteran.

501. Ramon, Dorothy (b. 1909). Wayta’ Yawa’ Always Believe!
     Written with Eric Elliot. Banning, California: The Malki
    Museum Press, 2000. 894 pages; tables. ISBN: none.
       Abstract: Born in 1909, Dorothy Ramén never learned English.
       She attended the Sherman Indian School for a very brief period
       and remembers learning nothing.      Elliott met with Ramon over a
       period of eight years, learning the Serano language and recording
       her stories. In his introduction, he provides an extensive analysis
       of this language. The book is divided into 721 brief segments, pre-
       sented bilingually, in which Ramon recalls her personal experi-
       ences and history and tells stories of her tribe and neighboring
       tribes, such as the Pass Cahuilla and Mountain       Cahuilla.   She
       describes religious rites, medicinal practices, and food preparation
       and talks about traditional dances and songs. Ram6n's memories
       include the destruction of the Indian tribes of Southern California.
       She gives accounts of massacres, lynchings, the theft of Indian
       water and land by whites, and the wholesale drafting of Serrano
       young men during World War I, most of whom never returned.
       Serrano tells of white ranchers allowing their cattle to wander
       freely over Indian lands and of the Indians who stole and killed
       the cattle because they were starving. She doesn't remember
       going hungry as a child, but most of her siblings died in child-
       hood.
372        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



502. Randolph, Rev. Peter (1825-1897). From Slave Cabin to the Pulpit:
      The Autobiography of Rev. Peter Randolph: The Southern Question
      Illustrated; and, Sketches of Slave Life. Chapel Hill, North
      Carolina: Academic Affairs Library, University of North
      Carolina at Chapel Hill, 2000.
         http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu/neh/randolph/randolph.sgml
         http://docsouth.unc.edu /neh/randolph/randolph.html
         Notes: Documenting the American South (Project).

503. Raybon, Patricia.     My First White Friend: Confessions of Race,
      Love, and Forgiveness.   New York, New York: Viking, 1996.          236
      pages. ISBN: 0670859567.
         Notes: Also published New York: Penguin Books, 1996.           ISBN:
         0140244360.
         Abstract: Raybon describes the process of self-healing she under-
         took to rid herself of a lifelong hatred for whites after realizing
         that her hatred had shaped and controlled her, essentially causing
         more damage to herself than to the object of her hatred. To under-
         stand the root of her hatred, Raybon looks to her parents’ child-
         hoods and her own upbringing and childhood experiences.
         Despite a clear sense of justification, based on historical evidence
         of white oppression of blacks, Raybon seeks to forgive rather than
         to continue to hate. She provides the details of her path to for-
         giveness: the friends and family members who inspired her, the
         books that have influenced her and have helped her understand
         the nature of forgiveness, and the changes she has made to accom-
         plish her goal. Specifically, she writes about her journalism career
         and the shift in the tone of her articles from anger to hope and the
         accompanying shift in the tone of the letters she receives—from
         predominantly hate mail, to letters expressing a renewed hope,
         inspiration to change, and a thankfulness to hear some optimism.
         Raybon also describes her experience teaching at the University of
         Colorado at Boulder, a university with a predominantly white stu-
         dent body. She explains that she chose to teach at such an institu-
         tion because she not only provided these students with the oppor-
         tunity to work with an African American woman professional, but
         provided herself with the opportunity to get to know some of the
         white students as individuals rather than as whites. She writes
                  So I am naive enough, perhaps, to believe that
                  my presence in the classroom if nothing else, is a
                  direct challenge to the stereotypical attitudes
                  some of them still hold. But it turns out that they
                           The Bibliography                               373


                    challenge my own stereotypical attitudes.   So, in
                    the end, all of us learn something from each
                    other. My being here forces us each to cross a
                    bridge and stretch.                    (p. 208)
        Perhaps Raybon reveals the most about her struggle when she
        writes about her second       husband   who   is biracial, white and
        African American, and very light skinned, and their daughter who
        was born white and blue-eyed. "She looked like everything I had
        learned so long ago to fear. She was that racial presumption—
        light is good; dark is bad—that had shaped all my early days" (p.
        173).    Later, as Raybon further examines her feelings, she contin-
        ues, "[b]ut color was not synonymous with her essence. ...       Call
        this a breakthrough. I was learning. From this baby I was finally
        understanding that our outside covering simply cannot matter"
        (p. 175).


504. Raymundo, Angeles Monrayo (1912- ). Tomorrow's Memories:
     From the Diaries of Angeles Monrayo Raymundo, January 10, 1924-
     November 17, 1928.       Compiled and edited by Rizaline R.
     Raymundo. San Jose, California: R. R. Raymundo, 1998. 226
     pages; photographs.

505. Red Shirt, Delphine.        Bead on an Anthill: A Lakota Childhood.
     Lincoln, Nebraska:      University of Nebraska      Press, 1998.    146
    pages.      ISBN: 0803239084 : 0803289766.
       Abstract: In this collection of essays, Delphine Red Shirt writes
       about the important aspects of her childhood. Red Shirt grew up
       with stories told to her in the Lakota Language by her mother and
       aunts. The stories served to pass on elements of Lakota culture,
       helped her to learn the intricacies of the language, and guided her
       in her behavior. Her oldest brother then took the responsibility of
       explaining to Red Shirt how to behave in a manner consistent with
       traditional Lakota practices. She explains how speaking and liv-
       ing as a Lakota Indian have helped her to live a focused and
       directed life. Red Shirt writes about her oldest sister, the oldest of
       her mother's eleven children. This sister cared for Red Shirt and
       raised her as her own child because she was unable to have chil-
       dren herself. She died from complications of alcoholism. Red
       Shirt describes her education at the government school and at a
       small Catholic school where she learned to speak and write
       English fluently. Despite some of the school's shortcomings, the
       teachers were hard-working and cared about the progress of the
       students. Red Shirt includes essays about her experience as a tra-
374        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


         ditional dancer and as a drummer and singer, about the Lakota
         coming-of-age ceremony for young women, and about the gather-
         ing, preparation and use of certain foods, including chokecherries,
         wild plum, and wild turnip.

506. Redford, Dorothy Spruill.         Somerset Homecoming: Recovering a
      Lost Heritage. Written with Michael D'Orso. Chapel Hill, North
      Carolina: University of North Carolina Press, 2000. 166 pages;
      photographs; family trees; illustrations. ISBN: 0807848433.
         Notes: Originally published New York: Doubleday, 1988 (266
         pages). ISBN: 038524245x; Anchor Books, 1989 (266 pages). ISBN:
         0385242468.
         Abstract: Genealogist Dorothy Spruill Redford grew up during
         the period of the Civil Rights Movement. In college, while she
         was working with the Congress of Racial Equality (CORE), she
         first began to think about her own ancestry. In 1977, when she was
         thirty-three, she was newly inspired after reading Roots by Alex
         Haley. Thus,.began the long and laborious process of learning the
         family stories. Redford had hoped to discover her family's roots
         in Africa, but this was not possible.   She did, however, manage to
         go back seven generations to the Somerset Place Plantation, which
         was   situated   quite near   her hometown     of Columbia,    North
         Carolina. It was the often-referred to "over the river" that many in
         her family mentioned as a place where other family members had
         lived. Redford spent the next ten years studying all that could be
         learned about slave history on the Somerset Place Plantation. She
         was able to distinguish twenty-one family lines, the descendents
         of which were spread across the country. She relates much of the
         history, the daily life of the Somerset slaves, the disruption of fam-
         ilies, and the changes that came with the Civil War. She describes
         the slave owners, their families, and their manner of interacting
         with their slaves. In 1986, Redford decided to arrange a home-
         coming for as many of the descendents as she could reach and
         convince to come. She traveled all over the surrounding area,
         made contacts, and sent fliers out wherever there was interest.
         Stories about her work appeared on the front pages of the
         Washington Post, USA Today, and the New York Times. Major mag-
         azines also picked it up, and news of Redford's homecoming
         spread throughout the world. Eventually, the state of North
         Carolina became officially involved, taking responsibility for ren-
         ovating the dilapidated tourist site the plantation had become.
         When the big day arrived, festivities were attended by more than
         two thousand people, including the governor, Alex Haley, and the
                          The Bibliography                               375


        descendants, black and white, of families from the plantation.
        When the state decided to re-create the environment of Somerset
        Place, Redford was placed in charge of reproducing the conditions
        and community of the slaves, the slave quarters, and the areas in
        which they worked and farmed. She would also be able to docu-
        ment, through pictures and text, their everyday lives and accom-
        plishments. It is clear from the responses of participants in the
        homecoming how important it was to their personal identity and
        self-esteem to learn of their family origins and their many and var-
        ied achievements in the most unpromising of circumstances.

507. Rekdal,   Paisley.     The Night My       Mother    Met    Bruce   Lee:
    Observations on Not Fitting In. New York, New York: Pantheon
    Books, 2000. 211 pages. ISBN: 0375409378.
        Abstract:   Rekdal's   mother   is a second-generation      Chinese
       American, and her father is of Norwegian descent. In this collec-
       tion of essays, Rekdal writes about her Chinese heritage. Most of
       the essays focus on her experiences while traveling. Topics
       include her visit to Taipei with her mother, her experiences as a
       high-school exchange student in Japan, teaching on a Fulbright
       grant in South Korea, trips to mainland China and to the
       Philippines, and a visit to Natchez, Mississippi, where her great
       aunt lived for a period of time. The common theme in all of these
       essays is Rekdal's awareness of being an outsider.   In South Korea,
       Rekdal spoke the language fluently, but she never felt accepted
       and never quite understood what was going on. Her experiences
       mirrored her personal struggle to come to terms with her identity
       as a person with two ethnic backgrounds.     In one essay she writes
       that "at heart I have come to believe I am and always was fully
       Chinese" (p. 142). But in another, she states: "For me to choose to
       become one ethnicity so that I can define myself for strangers is to
       fall victim to a monolithic, constructed idea of race that nothing in
       my personal history would support as true. ... I cannot choose
       one identity without losing half of myself" (p. 208). While in Japan
       as an exchange student, Rekdal found herself denying that she
       was an American and insisting that she was Chinese. She became
       more confused, however, after asking her mother what she found
       during her first trip to China. Her mother answered, "I found out
       that I was American" (p. 155). One essay recalls Rekdal's friend-
       ship with Agatha, the only African-American girl at the Catholic
       high school they both attended. Rekdal was intrigued by Agatha,
       who seemed to be different in every way from the other girls she
       knew. She was adopted, her mother and siblings were white, she
       seemed not to care whether her clothes fit into the peer-approved
376         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


         style, and she had impeccable behavior. Agatha proved to be a
         loyal friend to Rekdal until she underwent her own identity crisis.

508. Relova, Lia.        Sacred Places.   Palos Verdes, California:      Cyrus
      Lam, Pumpkin Enterprises, 1997. 92 pages; photographs; illus-
      trations; index.    ISBN: none.
         Abstract: Like many Filipinos, Lia Relova's ancestry is a mixture
         of Filipino, Chinese, and Spanish. Relova's mother was Filipino
         and her father was American. They separated when she was
         seven, and during the week she lived with her father and step-
         mother with whom she was forbidden to speak Tagalog. Her step-
         mother abhorred anything Filipino, and both she and her father
         encouraged Relova to think of herself as white. With her mother
         and her extended family on the weekends in Pila Laguna, Relova
         was immersed in the Filipino culture. But even at her mother's
         home there was a strict sense of hierarchy, status, and class con-
         sciousness; both sides of her mother's family were considered to
         be upper class in Filipino society. When her father relocated to the
         United States; Relova went with him.          There she was left to her
         own devices because her father spent most of his time with his
         wife who did not want to live with Relova. Relova gravitated to
         the Filipino youth in high school, but found that despite her own
         immigrant status, she did not fit in well.           She was too
         Americanized to be easily accepted. Relova struggled with her
         own desire to be more Filipino and her own parents’ prejudices
         against certain classes and skin shades. She suffered from a severe
         identity crisis and allowed herself to become alienated from her
         family. She began developing her own prejudices, which in turn
         became self-hatred. Relova had always felt a connection with the
         spirit world, and she began having dreams in which she was vis-
         ited by deceased grandparents and long-dead ancestors. Her
         understanding of dreams and research and exploration into her
         family history helped her to start understanding herself, the
         Filipino people, and her own unique heritage.

509. Revard, Carter.       Family Matters, Tribal Affairs. Tucson, Arizona:
      University     of Arizona       Press,   1998.      202 pages.      ISBN:
      0816518424 : 0816518432.
         Abstract:   Carter Revard was born in Pawhuska, Oklahoma,             in
         Osage County on the Osage reservation. He had one older broth-
         er and a twin sister. Their father was a mixed-blood Osage and his
         mother was of Irish and Scotch-Irish descent. She later remarried
         another Osage man with whom            she had four more children.
                          The Bibliography                                 377


        Revard grew up in a large extended           family, Indian and non-
        Indian. His Irish grandfather, shortly before his death, urged
        Revard, then in sixth grade, to go to college, and Revard set it as
        his goal. He graduated from eighth grade as the covaledictorian
        in Osage County. He and his sister were then thrust from their
        thirteen-student one-room schoolhouse into the local high school
        with twelve hundred students. The transition was difficult, but
        Revard graduated and won a scholarship to the University of
        Tulsa by placing third in a college quiz event. In 1952, just after
        being named a Rhodes Scholar, Revard was given a naming cere-
        mony by his Osage grandmother. A professional scholar and
        writer, Revard received his Ph.D. from Yale. In this collection of
        essays, Revard also writes about his travels in England, France,
        Spain, and Greece; he explores the theme of identity in Osage and
        other Indian cultures; he compares a variety of creation stories;
        and he writes about the American values that surface in American
        Indian literature.
510. Reverend Run.       See Simmons, Joseph.

511. Reyes, Norman (1922- ). Child of Two Worlds: An Autobiography
     of a Filipino-American, or Vice-Versa. Boulder, Colorado: Lynne
     Rienner Publishers, 1995. 289 pages; photographs; drawings.
     ISBN: 0894107771 : 089410778x.
        Notes: Originally published Colorado Springs: Three Continents
        Press, 1995.
        Abstract: Norman Reyes's mother was an American woman from
        Brooklyn, New York. His father, a Filipino, met her while work-
        ing for the Philippine government in the United States. They mar-
        ried and moved to the Philippines, where they lived with the fam-
        ily of Reyes's father. His father, who was the first novelist to write
        in Tagalog, grew up in the middle of the transition from a Spanish-
        dominated culture to an American-dominated one. Reyes writes
       that in his American-influenced schools he developed a picture of
       immigrants as Europeans,
                    . white people who came from continental
                 Europe to America.   Never mind that many
                 other   nationalities   around   the earth had,   for
                 untold centuries, trekked across each other's bor-
                 ders.... The most numerous immigrants on this
                 west wind are Filipinos, who are simply trans-
                 planted Malays with chromosomes that bear
                 2,000 years of Chinese infusion, 400 years of
                 Spanish, and nearly a century of American.
                                                                (p. 5)
378         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         Attending English language schools and speaking English at
         home, Reyes learned Tagalog by roaming his neighborhood and
         through visits with his relatives. As he grew, Reyes developed a
         sense of what was Filipino and what was American. The most
         noteworthy difference seemed to him to be the independent indi-
         vidualism of Americans versus the interdependence, spiritually
         and materially, of Filipinos. As an adult, Reyes began working as
         a radio broadcaster, going from announcing local basketball
         games to preparing reports of the war in Europe and Asia. Reyes
         tells of his family's evacuation from Manila as the Japanese inva-
         sion drew closer and of his own escape. He joined the U.S. mili-
         tary to work as a broadcaster for the Voice of Freedom and was at
         Corregidor when it was taken by the Japanese. Following the war,
         the family left for the United States rather than return to live in
         what remained of Manila. Reyes joined his family there and went
         to school at Vanderbilt University. He married an American
         woman and they moved back to the Philippines, but soon chose to
         return to the United States. While attending Vanderbilt, Reyes
         experienced the difference between privileged and democratic
         and between elitist and bourgeois. He found that he could not live
         the privileged, elitist life expected of him as a Mestizo in the
         Philippines, and so he chose a democratic and bourgeois life in the
         United States.

512. Reynolds, Barbara A. No, I Won't Shut Up: Thirty Years of Telling
      It Like It Is.   Nashville, Tennessee:    J. C. Winston    Publishing
      Company, 1998. 332 pages; photographs.           ISBN: 1555238661.
         Notes:   Also published Temple Hills, Maryland: JFJ Publishing,
         1998. ISBN: 0966507304.
         Abstract: This book is a collection of Barbara Reynolds's columns
         and reports published over a thirty-year period. Reynolds has
         been a columnist for USA Today, a news commentator for CNN,
         founder and director of the Reynolds News Service, and a
         Pentecostal minister. She writes in her introduction, "What I hope
         this book will do is encourage the unheard, the invisible, the unlis-
         tened to, the misdefined, the unnoticed, the misinterpreted to find
         their voice and be heard." Reynolds's writings and outspoken
         opinions have resulted in her being ostracized, rebuked, and
         threatened, but she has only felt shame "when I did shut up, when
         I did look the other way when people were hurting" (p. xx). She
         sees her voice as one of the few being heard in the media that can
         counteract the voice of the privileged white male and the corpo-
         rate board room. Her collected writings include commentary on
                           The Bibliography                                   379


        current national and global events, media politics, her calling to
        the ministry, and other personal experiences. She includes special
        reports on the deaths of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and U.S.
        Secretary of Commerce Ron Brown, and two of her sermons.

513. Rhee, Chi Sun (1933- ). Letters to Hyun A: Bridging Two Cultures.
     Chapel Hill, North        Carolina:    Professional   Press, 1999.       193
     pages. ISBN: 1570874808.

514. Richards,    Roosevelt.      Growing     Up in the Bittersweet        South.
     Chicago, Illinois: Bhards Publishing Company,                 1997.     204
     pages; discussion guide. ISBN: 0965533107.
        Notes:   Separate twenty-seven page discussion guide.              ISBN:
        0965533115.
        Abstract: Richards writes in his introduction, "When I grew up,
        African-Americans in the South were ‘free,’ but they were living
        under bitterly harsh Jim Crow laws, which were second only to
        slavery in their cruelty and inhumanity. At the same time, how-
        ever, they were enjoying sweet family ties and community bonds"
        (pp. iii-iv).   Richards describes his own   experience with "sweet
        family ties and community bonds." His family owned their own
        land and worked hard planting, growing, and harvesting cotton
        and vegetables. All of the children worked in the fields, their
        father worked at a sawmill as well as the farm, and their mother
        worked in the house, but suffered from serious heart problems
        and high blood pressure. The Richards children, as in most fami-
        lies with which they were acquainted, lived by rigid rules, the
        breaking of which resulted in harsh punishment. Though they
        had loyalty to the family and fondness for each other, the children
       were each anxious to move on as opportunities arose. Richards
       describes life on the farm: cotton picking, hog butchering, the
       foods eaten, and how any free time was spent. All the children
       looked forward to the few months they were able to attend school.
       Among other things, it meant a respite from fieldwork. Richards
       writes that, even when attending school, it was difficult to com-
       bine studying with the heavy chores for which he and his siblings
       had responsibility. Richards and his family lived in the shadow of
       extreme racism. The children were lectured by their parents to
       keep their place because      if they were    mistreated,   their father
       would surely kill the person who mistreated them and then he
       would likely be killed as well. Richards describes several threat-
       ening events during his childhood and adult years. He also
       writes about the impact that World War II and the drafting of
380         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        African-American men had on his parents’ circle. It seemed a
        monstrous contradiction to them that they were denied the right
        to vote, a proper education, and freedom of movement, but were
        expected to die for the country that supported such laws and con-
        ditions.
                 To young people today, African Americans and
                 whites as well, it may be hard to believe that this
                 was the way it was in the recent past in the "land
                 of the free," not centuries ago.   But many, many
                 Negroes living today struggled under these
                 unfair and demoralizing standards.  (p. 114)

515. Richburg, Keith. Out of America: A Black Man Confronts Africa.
      New   York, New     York: BasicBooks,     1997.   257 pages; maps.
      ISBN: 0465001874.
        Notes: Also published San Diego: Harcourt Brace, 1998.         ISBN:
        0156005832 (266 pages).
        Abstract: Keith Richburg, an African-American journalist for the
        Washington Post, spent three years on assignment in Africa, sta-
        tioned in Nairobi, Kenya. He arrived on the continent in 1991, full
        of hope and enthusiasm about covering "the land of my roots,"
        and left in 1994, completely disillusioned and feeling no connec-
        tion with Africa. Richburg covered the United Nations forces in
        Somalia, the wholesale slaughter of Tutsis and Hutus in Rwanda,
        and civil war in Liberia. In Somalia, he watched as the UN troops
        came into the country and achieved some degree of order, and
        then watched that order disintegrate until the troops finally pulled
        out. He found it impossible to understand how the Somalis them-
        selves could let the country deteriorate into an anarchy. Richburg
        comments: "No one ever calculated what you do next if the people
        you come to help have no interest in being saved" (p. 78). He came
         into contact with many African leaders and describes the corrup-
         tion and shortsightedness he encountered. He talks about the
         dangers of being a black reporter, always having to prove that he
         was not a member of an enemy tribe or country when crossing
        borders between countries, and the difficulty of living up to expec-
        tations that Africans had for American blacks. Another source of
        dismay was the way black American leaders dealt with Africa. An
        opposition leader in Gabon is quoted:
                 "The Americans come here to create a dialogue,”
                 he told me. "They need to understand our prob-
                 lems of education, in health care. ... But they are
                 not going around enough, to be able to see the
                          The Bibliography                                381


                 true problems of the country, to talk to members
                 of the opposition."                        (p. 140)
        Richburg observes,
                 when the subject turns to the lack of democracy
                 and human rights elsewhere in Africa, those
                 same black Americans . . . offer tortured expla-
                 nations as to why America shouldn't criticize
                 Africa, why America shouldn't impose its stan-
                 dards, and why reform must not be immediate
                 but gradual... .                            (p. 141)

        Richburg feels that Zimbabwe and South Africa have managed a
        fairly efficient transition to black rule because they did not run the
        white population out of the country. Whites had the know-how
        and assets for running a society, and the black majority needed to
        draw on these. Richburg concludes his book, aware that his point
        of view will most likely be unpopular in the United States, espe-
        cially among African Americans. But now home in the United
        States, when he hears about turmoil in Africa,
                 I will understand . . . the complexities behind the
                 conflicts. I will also know that the problems are
                 too intractable, that the outside world can do
                 nothing, until Africa is ready to save itself. I'll
                 also know that none of it affects me, because I
                 feel no attachment to the place or the people.
                                                             (p. 247)
516. Rios, Alberto Alvaro.        Capirotada: A Nogales Memoir.
     Albuquerque, New Mexico: University of New Mexico Press,
     1999, 145 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0826320937 : 0826320945.
       Abstract: Rios's autobiographical work is a collection of essays in
       which he depicts childhood memories and reflects on the nature of
       the border towns of Nogales, Mexico, and Nogales, Arizona. Rios
       focuses on vivid recollections of childhood accidents, celebrations
       and food, the local Catholic church and its Irish priests, and his
       activities as an altar boy and leader of the Vikings of America gang
       with its impromptu parades and Friday night lemon juice initia-
       tions. Rios's father was born in Mexico, and his mother was born
       and raised in England. His father ran away from home at the age
       of fourteen and moved to Nogales, Arizona, where he had aunts
       and grandparents. He joined the army and was kicked out after
       basic training because of his illegal status. Dropped off at the bor-
       der, he returned and enlisted, carefully reversing the order of his
382        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


        first and last names on enlistment documents. This time the
        paperwork didn't catch up to him until after he had been all over
        Europe and North Africa and promoted to sergeant, at which
        point the army was no longer interested in kicking him out. His
        fourth year in the army was spent in England, where he met his
        future wife. The couple became engaged, and Rios believes that
        the commander of the post sent his father home just before his
        wedding as a means of preventing the marriage. Despite this
        abrupt separation, his mother, who had never been more than two
        train stops from her home, took a ship to New York and a train to
        Salt Lake City, where she joined Rios's father. They traveled to
        Nogales together to be married, and there they remained until
        Rfos's father's death in 1995.

517. Robinson, Clarence (1919- ). The Impossible Dream: One Man's
      Drive to End Racial Oppression: An Autobiography. Written with
      Kenneth Brooks.    Vallejo, California: Amper Publishing
      Company, 1998. 198 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0963904299.
        Abstract: Clarence Robinson was born in Arkansas, but moved
        with his family to St. Louis while he was still very small. He quit
        high school to get married and moved to Vallejo, California, to
        work in the shipyards during World War II. Following the war,
        Robinson was laid off and found work as a janitor with the Vallejo
        School District. He was promoted to a supervisory position and
        began to take an active interest in employment conditions for
        African Americans. He started his protests by picketing business-
        es that did not hire African Americans, and he formed the Citizens
        Advancement Committee. Robinson's first real success was con-
        vincing a Safeway supermarket with a primarily black customer
        base to hire African-American employees. Over time, he also chal-
         lenged the Vallejo School District to hire black teachers and the
         City of Vallejo to hire black police officers, black firefighters, and
         black city hall employees. He fought the city on its civil service
         test-scoring practices and protested local housing segregation.
         Robinson was active in politics. He formed a Democratic club, but
         he eventually switched to the Republican party because he was
         dissatisfied with the lack of fulfillment of Democratic promises.
         This alliance, as well as his lack of education and occupation as a
         janitor, isolated him from the black community. Robinson ran for
         city council, but received very little support. When black leaders
         were trying to get an African American on the Vallejo
         Redevelopment Agency board, the mayor offered the seat to
         Robinson. Although he was not the choice of the black leadership,
         he served on the board for nineteen years and as chair in 1963,
                         The Bibliography                                 383


       1966, and 1973. Robinson describes his work with prominent
       national politicians, his wife and children, and his many other
       challenges to the systematic exclusion of African Americans from
       housing and work opportunities in the Vallejo area.

518. Robinson, Eddie.     Never Before, Never Again: The Stirring
     Autobiography of Eddie Robinson, the Winningest Coach in the
    History of College Football.       Written with Richard Edward
    Lapchick.   New York, New York: St. Martin's Press, 1999.            268
    pages; photographs. ISBN: 0312242247.
       Abstract: College Football Hall of Famer Eddie Robinson was
       born in 1919 in Jackson, Louisiana. He was in third grade when
       he first fell in love with football. Inspired by the local high school
       football coach, Robinson was organizing street teams when he was
       in ninth grade and playing quarterback for the high-school team
       by his junior year. He attended Leland College and upon gradua-
       tion hoped to find a job coaching. In 1941, he was offered the
       coaching position at Grambling State University, where he stayed
       until his retirement in 1997.   In his book, Robinson describes his
       work and training as a coach and his goal to win, thereby opening
       opportunities for African Americans. He realized that he needed
       to assist his students with their academic planning as well as with
       their athletic activities to assure their success. He also felt it was
       important to set a good example for his players, and he made sure
       that they saw him, not only as a coach, but also as a dedicated and
       involved husband and father. During his years at Grambling,
       Robinson was witness to many changes. His players were the first
       black athletes to be served at a local Holiday Inn, a breakthrough
       which he credits to the students who participated in lunch count-
       er sit-ins during the early days of the Civil Rights Movement. He
       discusses the integration of his own football team and the effect on
       athletic programs at historically black colleges when the big south-
       ern universities began to recruit black athletes. Robinson has
       received four honorary degrees, including one from Yale
       University in 1997, and he was inducted into the College Football
       Hall of Fame in 1998.    Grambling dedicated its Eddie Robinson
       Stadium in 1983.
384        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



519. Robinson, Frazier. Catching Dreams: My Life in the Negro
     Baseball Leagues. Written with Paul Bauer. Foreword by John
     "Buck" O'Neil. Introduction by Gerald Early. Sports and
     Entertainment.    Syracuse, New York: Syracuse University
      Press, 1999.      230 pages; photographs.        ISBN: 0815605633 :
      0815606583.
         Abstract:     Robinson grew up playing baseball with his brother
         Norman and joined a professional team at the age of seventeen.
         At nineteen, he moved to Cleveland to live with an older brother
         and worked at Goodyear, where he joined the Goodyear Wingfoot
         Tigers baseball team. From there, he was drafted back into pro-
         fessional baseball. A catcher, he played with, among other teams,
         the Abilene Eagles, the Kansas City Monarchs, the Baltimore Elite
         Giants, and the Winnipeg Buffaloes. On many of these teams,
         Robinson played with his brother Norman. He writes about many
         notable players, especially Satchell Paige, a close friend and team-
         mate. Robinson was forty when Jackie Robinson broke the color
         line in major league baseball. This event signaled not only a major
         change for sports in the United States and for professional
         African-American athletes, but the end of the Negro Leagues.
         Robinson, along with many other great Negro League players,
         was just past his prime as the teams in the Negro League began to
         lose their top players and their audience to the major leagues.
         Although never bitter about not having this opportunity, he notes
         that the pay and working conditions did not compare with what
         would have been offered to African-American players had the
         major leagues been open to them.
                     Looking back on Jim Crow and baseball's color
                     line, I'd have to say that segregation was just
                     something I'd gotten used to.... As long as I
                     could get along, it didn't bother me. ... I knew
                     it wasn't fair, but you had to accept it. When
                     Jackie Robinson signed with the [sic] Branch
                     Rickey, I just said, "So well and so good."
                                                             (p. 103)
         Frazier Robinson's last years in professional baseball were in
         Canada, playing with the Winnipeg Buffaloes, which he found a
         paradise. No hotels or restaurants were closed to him, nobody
         looked at him twice. Segregation seemed not to exist. After two
         years there, Robinson retired and finished more than twenty years
         in professional baseball. He returned to Ohio, and met his second
         wife in Cleveland. They eventually moved to California and then
         retired to North Carolina. Frazier Robinson died in 1997, the day
                         The Bibliography                               385


        after the Antioch Missionary Church of Kings Mountain, North
        Carolina, dedicated the newly constructed Frazier "Slow"
        Robinson Gymnasium.

520. Robinson, Granville H.       Inside Ajar Cottage: Bermuda.
     Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania: Dorrance Publishing Company,
     2000. 259 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0805945865.
        Abstract: Granville Robinson was born and raised in Bermuda.
        He emigrated to the United States as a young man, joined the
        United States Army, and married. He recounts many anecdotes of
        his family and experiences growing up in Bermuda. He includes
        descriptions of attending school, learning the carpentry trade,
        working with his father on the family farm and in the family-
        owned grocery store, his romantic attachments with several young
        women, and the fortunes and fates of his brothers and sisters.
        Robinson first visited the United States on tour with his church.
        At that time he attempted to stay, having met a young woman in
        Akron, Ohio, who would later become his wife, but he was unable
        to extend his visa, and returned to Bermuda for another two years.
        Robinson writes about his experiences in the U.S. Army. He was
        stationed in the deep South while undergoing basic training and
        was shocked by the virulent racism which confronted him there.
        He was later stationed in Germany, but he ran into difficulty
        because of his alien status and found himself under investigation
        by the military and the FBI. Robinson concludes his book with the
        story of his efforts to find and meet members of his father's fami-
        ly on the islands of St. Kitts and Nevis.

521. Robinson, Jackie.     I Never Had It Made: An Autobiography.
     Written with Alfred Duckett. Introduction by Hank Aaron.
     Hopewell, New Jersey: Ecco Press, 1995. 275 pages. ISBN:
     0880014199.
        Notes:   Originally Published Greenwich, Connecticut: Fawcett
        Publications, 1972 (256 pages); New   York: Putnam,   1972.   ISBN:
        0399110100 (287 pages).

522. Robinson, Randall (1941- ). Defending the Spirit: A Black Life in
     America. New York, New York: Dutton, 1998. 304 pages; index.
     ISBN: 0525944028.
        Notes: Published in paperback New York, New York: Penguin,
        1999. ISBN: 0452279682.
386          Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        Abstract: African-American activist Randall Robinson was raised
        in Richmond, Virginia. He was not an enthusiastic student and
        was quickly drafted into the U.S. Army after quitting college.
        Robinson was saved from going to Vietnam by a special exemp-
        tion for students planning to register for college, and successfully
        went back and completed his course work at Virginia Union
        University.   He then went to Harvard Law School.        He did well,
        but chose not to become a lawyer. In 1970, Robinson made his first
        trip to Africa, to Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.    After this, he became
        deeply involved in matters relating to African and Caribbean
        nations, working through the organization TransAfrica. Robinson
        was one of the people who forced the United States to come to
        terms with the reality of apartheid in South Africa after decades of
        ignoring it and continuing to invest in that country. He and sev-
        eral black leaders were arrested when they refused to leave the
        South African embassy in the United States until their demands
        were met. This act initiated continuous picketing of that embassy
        that lasted for almost a year. Robinson has also spoken out and
        worked against cruel dictatorships in Africa, such as in Nigeria. In
        1994, he supported president-elect Aristide of Haiti, who was
        forced to flee his country. Robinson was influential in the effort to
        help Aristide return to the country as president. Robinson also
        seeks a way to end the monopolization of the banana market by
        Chiquita. The multinational corporation is trying to prohibit sub-
        sidized sales of bananas to European markets, which have been a
        lifeline for tiny Caribbean nations not affiliated with Chiquita.
        Robinson predicts that when legal livelihoods are cut off, democ-
        racies will fail and people will be forced to grow drug crops.
        Robinson discusses the general lack of U.S. interest in African and
        Caribbean countries, citing a tepid response to the genocide in
        Rwanda as an example. He also talks about the pervasive and
        almost-casual racism in U.S. society and the insidious effect it has
        on the African-American population.

523. Rock.    See The Rock.

524. Rodman, Dennis.  Bad As I Wanna Be. Written with Tim
     Keown. New York, New York: Delacorte Publishing, 1996. 259
      pages; photographs. ISBN: 0385316399.
        Notes:   Also   published   New   York: Dell    Press,   1997.   ISBN:
        0440222664.
        Abstract: Before becoming involved with professional sports,
        Rodman was homeless and working odd jobs. One such job was
                            The Bibliography                                  387


          as a janitor at the Dallas-Fort Worth Airport. After a night in jail
          for stealing watches at an airport gift shop, he decided to turn
          himself around and returned home. Rodman played for some
          community basketball teams and was noticed and recruited by
          Cooke County Junior College. At the age of twenty-one, he was
          recruited by Southeastern Oklahoma State University. In 1988,
          Rodman was a second-round draft pick for the Detroit Pistons. He
          loved his coach, Chuck Daly, and enjoyed playing with the Pistons
          as they worked their way to a streak of championships. When
          Daly was fired, however, Rodman lost his interest in the team. He
          had a difficult year, which ended with him contemplating suicide.
          Rodman decided to change his life rather than end it. This meant
          acknowledging his bisexual nature, wearing the clothes he want-
          ed to wear, and acting on his own instincts. Rodman was traded
          to the San Antonio Spurs. There he was unhappy with his pay, the
          coaching, and the team. He alienated himself from the Spurs to
          the extent that they traded him to the Chicago Bulls. Rodman
          gives his opinions of the qualities and salaries of other players,
          speaks out on behalf of AIDS victims and talks about racism in
          and out of sports, about his relationship with singer and enter-
          tainer Madonna, and about his appreciation for Bulls coach, Phil
          Jackson.

525. —.    Walk on the Wild Side.       Written with Michael Silver.        New
     York, New       York: Delacorte      Press, 1997.     261 pages; photo-
     graphs. ISBN: 0385318979.
          Abstract: In this book Dennis Rodman talks about his flamboyant
          lifestyle and how it is important for him to live his life just the way
          he feels it. Close to suicide in 1993, Rodman decided that it would
          be better to be himself than to end his life.      Partying, sex, and
          showy clothes as well as playing a hard game of basketball are
          important aspects of his lifestyle. "When the vibes are good, I'm in
          the zone of love" (p. 40), he says.    He mentions his fallout with
          singer and entertainer Madonna, posing nude for Playboy, getting
          married to his fans in a symbolic wedding, and his guest spots on
          MTV. Favorite singers and performers are Pearl Jam, Elvis, Frank
          Sinatra, and Jimi Hendrix. Amidst his fast-paced life, Rodman
          makes time for his daughter Alexis.
388         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



526. Rodriguez de Rochin, Juanita. Juanita: My Life with Refugio.
     East Lansing, Michigan: Julian Samora Research Institute,
      Michigan State University, 1998.           56 pages; photographs.
      ISBN: none.
         Abstract:   Juanita   Rodriguez   de Rochin   was   born    in Colton,
         California in 1913. She writes, "My goal is to leave a lasting set of
         memories of the way things were and the way my life turned out
         to be" (p. 3). She was raised on O Street in Colton in the house that
         her father built shortly after arriving in California from Mexico.
         Rodriguez de Rochin met Refugio, her future husband, when she
         was just fifteen. Her parents liked him, but they were unhappy
         with the growing seriousness of their relationship. Rodriguez de
         Rochin convinced Refugio to run away with her, and at the ages of
         fifteen and twenty, they left for Mexicali in Mexico. Rodriguez de
         Rochin's father had Refugio arrested, and he spent a month in jail
         in Colton. Not long after his release, the couple married. Angered
         that they married without consent, Rodriguez de Rochin's parents
         did not speak to the newlyweds for one year. The years of
         Refugio's and Juanita's marriage were devoted to their various
         businesses. Refugio ran a wholesale food business until he decid-
         ed to move the growing family, eventually numbering five chil-
         dren, to Carlsbad. There they opened a small grocery store and
         diner and eventually, in succession, two large restaurants. The
         first restaurant was an expansion of the original diner. They had
         to close it during World War II because they were not allowed to
         operate after dark. The second restaurant closed after fifteen suc-
         cessful years. Refugio opened one more restaurant in San Diego
         that he and Juanita operated together until his retirement.
         Throughout the years, Rodriguez de Rochin raised five children,
         suffered from health problems, and worked at their restaurants
         seven days a week, all year round. She remembers some difficult
         and unhappy times, but she remembers most of all her love for her
         husband and her desire to be with him and involved in the family
         businesses.

527. Rolling Thunder.      Rolling Thunder Speaks: A Message for Turtle
      Island.   Transcribed and edited by Carmen Sun Rising Pope.
      Santa Fe, New      Mexico:    Clear Light Publishers,         1999.   249
      pages; photographs. ISBN: 1574160265.
         Abstract:   In this book, Rolling Thunder describes his life and
         work as a medicine man. He talks about the proper way of living,
         spirituality, reincarnation, and death. Editor Pope tells how
         Rolling Thunder began recording tapes for his autobiography in
                           The Bibliography                                     389


        1996 and continued until shortly before his death in 1997. After he
        died, Pope decided to put the book together. She writes that
        Rolling Thunder was born into the Paint Clan of the Cherokee
        Indians. The Paint Clan was a medicine society, and Rolling
        Thunder's father was a traditional chief and medicine man.
        Rolling Thunder was chosen to follow in his father's footsteps, but
        he chose to learn his calling from many different tribes. He tells
        how, after leaving his hometown of Big Cedar, Oklahoma, he trav-
        eled from reservation to reservation, looking for a wife and learn-
        ing medicine ways. Rolling Thunder talks about what it means to
        be a medicine man, his own vision, and the rules for following the
        medicine trail. He gives his view of Indian history and ancient
        civilization, in particular, the origin of the Cherokees. He talks
        about the role of women and children in Indian society; the
        destructive relationship Indians have had with white people,
        including the cultural annihilation, genocide, and Indian resist-
        ance; his contact with extraterrestials, and his many prophecies for
        the future of the earth. Around 1979, Rolling Thunder built Meta
        Tantay, a traditional Indian camp. He describes the work that went
        into making this a self-sufficient community, its guidelines for liv-
        ing, and suggestions for diet. Rolling Thunder's work concludes,

                   All I'm asking is that you make a good prayer.
                   Don't forget to pray for the animals, the birds,
                   the plant life, the rocks, and the mountains so
                   that you may walk a long beauty trail and into
                   the land of the Great Mystery. And don't forget
                   me.... [T]he best way not to forget me is to learn
                   to live with each other.                 (pp. 248-249)

528. Ruiz, Mona.      Two Badges: The Lives of Mona Ruiz. Written with
    Geoff Boucher. Houston, Texas: Arte Publico Press, 1997.                    288
    pages. ISBN: 1558851658 : 1558852026.
       Abstract:      Mona    Ruiz   was      born   and   raised   in Santa   Ana,
       California. Her father kept his daughters sheltered, sending them
       to private schools to keep them out of trouble. After her father suf-
       fered a serious injury and could no longer work, Ruiz and her sis-
       ters had to transfer to the public school. Through their cousins,
       the girls began to associate with local gang members and seek
       their acceptance. This led to a growing distance between the girls
       and their parents. Ruiz describes how her perspective on life
       changed as she became more involved with gang members and
       gang life. When, as part of a school career program, Ruiz was
       assigned to work as a filing clerk at the Santa Ana Police
390      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



       Department, she came into conflict with the interests of her
       friends, but it was a step toward fulfilling the wish of her father
       that she become a police officer. To everyone's surprise, Ruiz
       excelled and began to advance at the police department. The two
       officers with whom she worked became her friends and mentors.
       They helped her complete her high school education and get start-
       ed on college courses that she would need to become a police offi-
       cer. Ruiz, however, was involved romantically with a young gang
       member who resented both her working at the police department
       and her college courses. When Ruiz became pregnant, they mar-
       ried. She quit work and school, and found herself at the mercy of
       her husband's drug-induced temper tantrums.               Ruiz made many
       attempts to leave him, but the couple had three children together
       before she ended the marriage. She describes the difficulty of
       breaking her emotional attachment to her husband, raising her
       children alone, and finally, after hard work and overcoming prej-
       udice based on stereotypes, fulfilling her dream of becoming a
       police officer.

529. Run, Reverend.     See Simmons, Joseph.

530. Sababu, Akida K.     Evolution of a Revolution. Nashville,
     Tennessee: James C. Winston Publishing Company, 1995. 141
     pages. ISBN: 1555236413.
       Abstract: Akida Sababu was born in 1959 in Canton, Ohio. In this
       autobiography, Sababu writes about various episodes in his life,
       and the different directions his career as a community activist has
       taken him. Just out of high school, Sababu became involved in
       black militant youth movements. He developed a reputation as an
       individual     with commitment           and   a willingness   to act, but
       remained unemployed during this period of his life. As his net-
       work disintegrated, his father insisted that he find work, and he
       got a job with the Coca-Cola Company. He got involved with the
       labor union, but there were         no    major issues to contend    with.
       When the plant he worked in was significantly damaged by fire,
       Sababu was accused of arson. A grand jury failed to indict him
       due to lack of evidence, and Sababu was rehired by the company.
       Sababu later worked as a youth director for the Indian River
       School for Boys in Ohio. Conditions for inmates and staff were
       intolerable,   and Sababu,   once        again involved   with the union,
       found himself in the midst of a bitter controversy within the
       school and between the state and the school. Some of the issues
       were gradually resolved, and Sababu left to find new employment
       challenges.    He remained active in labor issues, became involved
                           The Bibliography                               391


       with AIDS advocacy, and worked in city government. Sababu
       attended the 1980 World Parliament of the Peoples for Peace in
       Sophia, Bulgaria, and spoke before 1,500 delegates on unioniza-
       tion and African Americans.          Sababu founded Executive
       Management Consultants, Inc., through which he sought to man-
       age performing artists, especially emerging black artists and per-
       formers. This enterprise continued for two years before having to
       close, but by that time Sababu had formed a new corporation, The
       International Labor and Management Resource Center.

531. Said, Edward.      Out of Place:    A Memoir.   New York, New York:
    Knopf, 1999. 295 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0394587391.
       Notes: Also published in paperback New York: Vintage Books,
       2000. ISBN: 0679730672.
       Abstract:    Writer and intellectual Edward Said recounts his child-
       hood and early adult years.        He was the child of a Palestinian
       mother and a father who was born a Palestinian but who became
       a naturalized U.S. citizen during a decade in the United States,
       which included military service in World War I. Thus, Said and
       his siblings had U.S. citizenship, but they were raised in Cairo,
       summered in Dhour, Lebanon, and attended British schools.          For
       all of these reasons, Said often felt out of place.    For example, he
       comments on the languages he and his family used:
                   Our families shopped for food at Groppi's, talk-
                   ing with the plainly Greek or Egyptian employ-
                   ees . . . in jaw-shattering French, when it was
                   perfectly clear that we all could have done better
                   in Arabic. ... I had picked up spoken French
                   early but never felt confident enough to use it as
                   an everyday language. ... So although English
                   had become my main language . . . I found
                   myself in the odd situation of not having any
                   natural, or national, position to use it. The three
                   languages became a pointedly sensitive issue for
                   me at the age of about fourteen. Arabic was for-
                   bidden and "wog"; French was always "theirs,"
                   not mine; English was authorized, but unaccept-
                   able as the language of the hated British.
                                                              (p. 197)

       Another important difficulty was the personalities of his parents,
       whose manipulative practices tended to keep their children feel-
       ing insecure and hostile toward each other. Said was a youth at
       the time Palestine became Israel, but these events had little impact
O92        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        on him. He went to a boarding school in the United States for his
        final years of high school and then to college at Princeton and
        graduate school at Harvard. After he finished, he returned to
        Cairo and worked for his father's office equipment business.
        When his father named Said the principal in a contract which
        involved illegal business practices and Egyptian authorities dis-
        covered the transactions, he was banned from re-entering Egypt,
        the only place he felt comfortable, for the next fifteen years. Said
        wrote this memoir during the five years that he was being treated
        for leukemia, using the project as an attempt to sort out his own
        identity and his relationship to his parents and sisters.

532. Sakamoto, Mitsuo. My Best World War II Souvenir: Chronicles of
     One Man's Experiences in the United States Army. [Hawai'i]: The
     Author, 1995. 64 pages; photographs. ISBN: none.
        Abstract: Sakamoto was born in Honolulu and raised in Kona,
        Hawai'i. His father died when he was two and his mother when
        he was nine years old. In this work, Sakamoto writes about his
        positive experiences in the army as a member of the 442nd
        Regimental Combat Team, beginning with the end of World War
        IL, when his regiment was stationed in Donauwéorth, Germany.       It
        was there that he met fifteen-year-old Anneliese. He describes
        their seven-year courtship and the various maneuvers he execut-
        ed to be stationed close enough to visit her regularly. The couple
        married in 1952, and had three daughters.     Following their mar-
        riage, they returned     to Hawai'i, but Sakamoto    re-enlisted for
        another tour, and the family went back to Germany.       After three
        years, they returned to Hawai'i, where Sakamoto attended NCO
        school.    He was then sent to Pusan, Korea, without his family.
        After nearly two years away, in 1963, he retired and returned to
        Hawai'i.   While in the army, Sakamoto worked in Quartermaster,
        Class I Supply. Besides describing his work and family, Sakamoto
        describes many of his friends and comrades in the 442nd.

533. Sanchez, Reymundo (1963- ). My Bloody Life: The Making of a
      Latin King. Chicago, Illinois: Chicago Review Press, 2000. 299
      pages. ISBN: 1556524013 : 1556524277.
        Abstract: Sanchez was born in Puerto Rico in 1963. His mother
        was sixteen and his father, whom he has no memories of, was sev-
        enty-four. After his father's death his mother remarried twice, and
        the family moved to Chicago with her second husband. Both step-
         fathers were abusive.   Driven out of his home, Sanchez became a
         full-fledged gang member at thirteen. He writes that he believed
                          The Bibliography                                393


        he was behaving like a man, although he was just a child, a child
        who never had the chance to experience childhood. He took and
        sold drugs and was initiated into the cycle of killing and revenge.
        Sanchez tells of the many different gangs active in his area, his
        addictions to drugs and sex, his homelessness, and his eventual
        decision to leave his gang just before a former girlfriend and her
        small child were attacked.    The child died, and Sanchez cooperat-
        ed with police, but never personally took action against the killers.
        In this way, he managed to break his pattern of revenge. Sanchez
        wrote this book under a pseudonym to provide some insight into
        the reasons young children join gangs and to make it clear that
        adults, not peers, often provide the motivating factor.

534. Sanders,   Deion.     Power,    Money   &   Sex: How    Success   Almost
     Ruined My Life. Written with Jim Nelson Black. Foreword by
     T. D. Jakes. Nashville, Tennessee: Word Publications, 1998. 194
     pages; photographs.      ISBN: 084991499x : 0849937760.
        Abstract:   Deion Sanders, National Football League player, writes
        about his life and his football career. Lessons learned early in life
        have kept him away from many vices. His mother once let him sit
        for several hours alone in a jail cell when he and some other boys
        were picked up by the police for vandalism. He vowed he would
        never do anything that would send him back. Life with a drug-
       abusing father and alcoholic stepfather have kept him away from
       substance abuse. As a young man, he was a talented athlete and a
       diligent student and was aggressively recruited by many colleges.
       He chose Florida State University and quickly became a star on
       the football team. As a senior, Sanders played both college foot-
       ball and professional baseball. He was employed by a New York
       Yankees farm team and already had money and fame by the time
       he graduated and was drafted by the Atlanta Falcons football
       team. In Atlanta, he played for both the Falcons and for the
       Atlanta Braves baseball team during the football off-season. Later
       he moved to the San Francisco 49ers and played baseball with the
       San Francisco Giants.       Then he joined the Dallas Cowboys.
       Despite his popularity and success, Sanders felt empty and unful-
       filled. The low point in his personal life came when his wife left
       him and took their two children with her. He drove his car off a
       cliff in a suicide attempt, but walked away without a scratch. At
       this point, he recognized his problems and turned to Christianity.
       In the second half of the book, Sanders talks about how he turned
       his life around and keeps it on an even keel.        Sanders includes
       many of the teachings of his spiritual leader, Bishop T. D. Jakes.
394        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



535. Sanematsu, Ben. Inward Light: An Asian American Journey. San
      Mateo, California: Asian American         Curriculum    Project, Inc.,
      1998. 191 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0934609047.
        Abstract: Sanematsu was born in Riverside, California. His par-
        ents, who had emigrated from Japan, lived on a three-acre farm.
        By his early teens, Sanematsu had begun to lose his vision and was
        diagnosed with retinitis pigmentosa. His parents encouraged
        their six children to pursue education, and following high school
        graduation, Sanematsu enrolled at the University of California at
        Berkeley. As he was preparing for his finals in December of 1941,
        the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor. Sanematsu's father was
        arrested by the FBI and Sanematsu had to withdraw from school
        to return to work on the farm.     In May of 1942, the whole family
        was sent to Poston, Arizona.     Sanematsu describes the conditions
        of the camp. He writes that, in retrospect, there were some advan-
        tages to internment.   He had the opportunity to teach and make
        friends, women were given a respite from farm labor, and after the
        war Japanese began to settle in states other than California and
        found new opportunities. In 1945, Sanematsu returned to U.C.
        Berkeley and earned a secondary teaching credential. His advi-
        sors discouraged him from pursuing a teaching career because he
        was becoming increasingly blind, and there were, in fact, no Asian
        Americans teaching in the California public schools in the late
        1940s. Sanematsu decided to earn a certification for special edu-
         cation to work with blind students, and in 1958 he received his
         first full-time position at Camden High School in Campbell,
         California. As part of his training, Sanematsu learned Braille and
         how to use a cane for independent travel. To test himself, he went
         alone to New York City. He traveled throughout the city and to
         neighboring states, taking buses, trains, and taxis.    He visited
         many schools for the blind in the region as well.       Sanematsu
         retired from a successful teaching career in 1982. He discusses the
         condition of blindness and the importance of developing a sense
         of independence.
                 The blind are not deprived of experience; they are
                 separated from experience. The way to master
                 blindness is to use this powerful inner light to
                 find your way back to—not away from—the out-
                 side world... . The handicap of blindness is not
                 sensory deprivation but the deprivation of exile
                 to a separated world.                      (p. 176)
                          The Bibliography                                 See


536. Sano, Iwao Peter (1924- ). One Thousand Days in Siberia: The
     Odyssey of a Japanese-American POW.      Lincoln, Nebraska:
     University of Nebraska Press, 1997. 210 pages; photographs;
     illustrations; map. ISBN: 080324262x.
        Notes: Paperback published Lincoln: University of Nebraska
        Press Bison Books, 1999. ISBN: 0803292600.
        Abstract: Sano writes of his experiences as a Japanese POW of the
        Soviet Union after World War II. He was born in 1924, the son of
        Japanese immigrants running a farm in Imperial Valley,
        California. He was raised as an American citizen whose first lan-
        guage was English. At the age of fifteen, he was sent back to Japan
        to be adopted by a childless aunt and uncle. He was finishing his
        high school education and planning to go to college when he was
        drafted by the Japanese army and sent to officer's training in
        Manchuria.    Several months later, the war ended, and his com-
        manding officer marched his troop of trainees into a Soviet prison
        camp. They were soon sent to Siberia and imprisoned for the next
        three years. Sano describes his life as a POW. He worked in a fac-
        tory, a coal mine, and ona   farm.   He suffered frostbite, near death
        from malnutrition, and malaria. When he was finally shipped
        home in 1948, he went to work for the U.S. Occupation Army as a
        translator and interpreter. In 1952, he cut his ties with his adop-
        tive parents and went back to the United States to live with his
       parents and brothers and sisters, only to find that, during the war,
       U.S. authorities had obtained a picture of him in his Japanese high
       school uniform and mistook it for an army uniform. His father
       had been subsequently arrested and sent to a camp in Bismarck,
       North Dakota. By the time Sano returned to California, the fami-
       ly had béen reunited and was living in Palo Alto, California. Sano
       had lost his U.S. citizenship because he served in the Japanese
       army, but he and his wife, also Japanese, were eventually natural-
       ized.

537. Santiago, Esmeralda.     Almost a Woman.    Reading, Massa-
     chusetts: Perseus Books, 1998. 313 pages. ISBN: 0738200433.
       Notes: Published in paperback New York: Vintage Books, 1999.
       ISBN: 037570521x.
       Abstract:   Esmeralda Santiago was born in Puerto Rico and came
       to New York with her mother and six brothers and sisters in 1961.
       Her parents had never been married and her father did not come
       with them. He eventually settled down with another woman in
       Puerto Rico. Santiago's mother had two more lovers and four
396       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


        more children. She never married and never went to church, but
        insisted that her daughters be properly married in a Catholic
        cathedral when the time came. Santiago, the eldest of the children,
        excelled academically. She was accepted into the Performing Arts
        High School and prepared to go on to college. Following gradua-
        tion, she got a small part in Up the Down Staircase, a film directed
        by Robert Mulligan. She then decided that instead of going to col-
        lege, she would look for acting and modeling jobs. When she
        found none, she began to work at clerical jobs and to take classes
        on a part-time basis at Manhattan Community College. One of her
        professors brought her attention to a production that was holding
        auditions, and she got the part of Sonia in Babu, a play being per-
        formed by Children's Theater International. The company played
        in the New York area and toured throughout New England. It was
        not until after high school that Santiago had her first relationships
        with men. Although she was strongly attracted to many, she was
        held back either mentally or physically by her mother. The book
        ends when her current lover, an older man to whom she is devot-
        ed, asks her to go with him to Florida, where he will seek medical
        help. Santiago, now aged twenty-one, refuses because she knows
        her mother would never agree to let her go off with a man to
        whom she is not married.

538. Santos, Bienvenido N. Memory’s Fictions: A Personal History.
      Quezon City, Philippines: New Day Publishers, 1993.                268
      pages. ISBN: 9711005360.
        Abstract:   Noted English-language Filipino writer Bienvenido
        Santos was born in Lubao in the Philippines. He was writing
        poetry at the age of ten and was eighty-one when he finished his
        autobiography in 1992. In 1941, at the age of thirty, married and
        with three children, Santos left the Philippines on a government
        scholarship to study at the University of Illinois, Urbana-
        Champagne. He arrived in San Francisco in October, shortly
        before the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor and was unable to
        return home until 1946 when the war and Japanese occupation of
        the Philippines had both come to an end. While in the United
        States, Santos also attended Columbia and Harvard Universities
        and was sent by the Philippine government-in-exile on a tour of
        twenty-two colleges and universities throughout the United States
        to speak on Filipino life and customs.       When Santos finally
        returned to Albay and his family, he taught in the schools and was
        appointed vice-president and then president of Legazpi College.
        When he accepted a Rockefeller Foundation grant to study at the
        University of lowa Writers Workshop, the family moved back to
                             The Bibliography                              397,


         the United States. He subsequently received a Guggenheim
         Fellowship and was made a member of the University of lowa fac-
         ulty. The Santos family remained in Iowa City off and on until
         1972, when they decided to return to the Philippines. However,
         because of the declaration of martial law by President Marcos and
         the Philippine government's confiscation of their property, they
         decided to stay in the United States. Santos was offered the
         Distinguished Writer in Residence position and a professorship at
         Wichita State University, and the couple remained in Kansas until
         Santos's wife's death ten years later, in 1981. After his retirement,
         Santos returned to the Philippines, spending six months of each
         year there. He is grateful to have had the opportunity to "write
         about the Filipino away from home, a rich and satisfying source of
        material that had to be written, and about which not many .              .
        have written" (p. 227).

539. Santos, John Phillip. Places Left Unfinished at the Time of Creation.
     New York, New York: Viking, 1999.              284 pages; photographs.
     ISBN: 0670868086.
        Notes: Published in paperback New York: Penguin, 2000. ISBN:
        0140292020.
        Abstract:      John Phillip Santos, a writer and television producer,
        tells the story of his family. The apparent suicide of his paternal
        grandfather, an event that takes many years and much prodding
        of reluctant elderly relatives to uncover, is its focal point. In an
        effort to explain and find meaning in this suicide, Santos goes back
        in history to the pre-Columbian civilizations in Mexico and the
        Spanish explorers. He studies Mexican mythology and religious
        beliefs; the many characters that peopled both sides of his family
        and their influence while they lived and after they died; the
        Mexican culture that was preserved long after it was clear that the
        family would not be returning to the mother country; and the ten-
        dency to depression and withdrawal that has plagued many gen-
        erations of his family. The newspaper article that reported finding
        the body of his grandfather was entitled "All in Vain.” Santos
        explains his work and final conclusions, which he discovers are
        anything but conclusive, as follows:
                    Since learning of the mystery of Juan Jose's death
                    ... now twenty-five years ago in journals, letters,
                    poems, and stories, in conversations with family,
                    journeys in Texas and throughout Mexico, I have
                    sought to defy those three words, with little suc-
                    cess.   I wanted   to tell a single story, bound
398        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



                    together like an old amate codex, to carry the
                    saga of Mexico into the story of Texas, and into
                    the story of our family, walking like a tribe of pil-
                    grims out of a tattered past of conquests,
                    upheavals, revolutions, and migrations.
                                                           (pp. 259-260)

540. Saralegui, Cristina.      Cristina! My Life As a Blonde.        Translated
      from the Spanish by Margaret Sayers Peden. New York, New
      York: Warner Books, 1998. 273 pages; photographs. ISBN:
      044652008x.
         Notes: Also published in the original Spanish. New York: Warner
         Books, 1998. ISBN: 0446522589 : 0446674389 (293 pages).
         Abstract: Television personality Cristina Saralegui describes an
         idyllic childhood growing up in pre-Castro Cuba. All four of her
         grandparents were Basque. The Saralegui family had begun a
         magazine empire in Cuba, and after the family moved to Miami in
         1960, Saralegui's father published Bohemia Libre to counter
         Bohemia, which had been taken over by Castro. He later restarted
         another Cuban magazine, Vanidades, and it was with Vanidades
         that Saralegui began her journalism career. Energetic and ambi-
         tious, she moved on to the new Spanish language edition of
         Cosmopolitan, Cosmopolitan en Espariol.       She later became editor,
         changing the image of the "Cosmo girl" from one preoccupied
         with sexual matters      to one   intent on self-improvement.      From
         journalism, Saralegui went into television. She became host of El
         Show de Cristina, a Spanish talk show on Univision Network, the
         leading Spanish-language television network in the United States.
         While she had been labeled by American schoolmates as an out-
         sider because of her accent and upbringing, she found that her
         Hispanic audience was unhappy with her because she was too
         white, and it took about six months to gain their acceptance. She
         describes the topics, routine, challenges, triumphs, and trials of
         work in television. Saralegui views her program as a public serv-
         ice. She confronts issues such as AIDS, gay marriage, domestic
         abuse, as well as more sensational topics such as multiple person-
         ality disorder. Entertainment is also important, and her guests
         have included many prominent Hispanic entertainers. Saralegui
         started the Up With Life! foundation to raise money to fight AIDS.
         She writes about her second husband, Marcos, their three children,
         and the importance to her of family.
                         The Bibliography                                 399


541. Scales-Trent, Judy. Notes of a White Black Woman: Race, Color,
     Community.     University Park, Pennsylvania: Pennsylvania
    State University Press, 1995.       198 pages.    ISBN: 027101430x.
        Notes:    Published in paperback University Park: Pennsylvania
        State University Press, 2001.   ISBN: 0271021241.

        Abstract: Scales-Trent's work is a collection of essays on a number
       of topics. She began writing after sharing with her friends her
       thoughts, written in the form of a diary, on her condition as a black
       woman with white skin. She writes of the pain of an unclear racial
       identity, of her feeling of not belonging anywhere, and of the heal-
       ing that took place as she wrote about and shared her experiences.
       Although many of Scales-Trent's family members are light-
       skinned,   Scales-Trent   is aware   of only one   white ancestor, her
       great-grandfather. The family history records that he married her
       great-grandmother and together they had ten children. The evi-
       dence is that he loved his family and took good care of them.
       Therefore, to reject her connection to the white race would be to
       reject her great-grandfather, whom she has no reason to despise.
       Scales-Trent also writes about her careers as a school teacher, a
       civil rights attorney, and an academic.       As a school teacher, one
       principal felt he should make a public announcement that Scales-
       Trent was black to prevent any misunderstanding about her race.
       As an academic, Scales-Trent confronted the double-edged sword
       of affirmative action: the misapprehension that you didn't have to
       work to earn your position and no matter how hard you work, it
       is never enough to prove yourself. On the matter of racial under-
       standing, Scales-Trent proposes that African-American culture be
       taught in the schools in the same way that Spanish, French, and
       German are often taught, that is by discussing language, customs,
       practices, food, and clothing and by field trips. She imagines a
       country where everyone is bicultural and bilingual. She writes,
       "And why is it that we look so hard for sameness when we are,
       each and every one of us, so different from each other? And why
       is it that we find it so hard to find sameness, when we are, in so
       many ways, so much the same” (p. 32).


542. See, Lisa. On Gold Mountain.     New York, New York: St.
     Martin's Press, 1995. 394 pages; photographs; maps. ISBN:
    0312119976.
       Notes: Published in paperback, New York: Vintage, 1996 as On
       Gold Mountain: The One Hundred Year Odyssey of My Chinese-
       American Family. ISBN: 0679768521.
400     Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



      Abstract: Lisa See, who is only one-eighth Chinese, considers her-
      self to be first and foremost of Chinese descent. She writes the his-
      tory of her family, beginning with her great-great grandfather,
      who came to California in 1866 to tend to the Chinese workers on
      the railroad using herbal medicine. He eventually went back to
      China, but his fourth son, Fong See, came to California, the Gold
      Mountain. He started a business in Sacramento selling herbs to
      his Chinese customers and handmade underwear to prostitutes.
      He married a Caucasian women         via legal contract, as interracial
      marriages were against the law. Together, he and his wife made
      their way to Chinatown in Los Angeles, where the family left the
      underwear business and became antique and curio dealers.           The
      couple had five children, the fourth of which was Lisa See's grand-
      father. Fong See was the most prominent merchant in Chinatown
      for many decades, and throughout the century, he and his family
      owned and operated various branches of the F. Suie On Company
      in Southern California. The company was supplied with goods
      acquired during numerous trips to China before the country
      became inaccessible under Communism.          The See family was
      unique in that they were interracial from the start, and increasing-
      ly so with each passing generation. Yet they adhered strongly to
      their Chinese background, remaining mostly in Chinatown and
      New China City in Los Angeles. Their way of surviving in a
      decidedly non-interracial society was to always put the family
      first, thus managing to avoid estrangement, despite years of geo-
      graphical separation or severely clashing viewpoints. They also
      maintained surprisingly close ties with family both in China and
      the United States. See herself comes in only towards the end of the
      book, but she uses the stories of her grandparents, parents, aunts,
      uncles, and countless cousins to tell her own. She explains herself
      in the passage in which she introduces her fiancé to her family:
               But he also needed to pass another "test": to step
               into those dark, murky musty rooms [of the fam-
               ily store] and touch and feel . . . and finally to fall
               in love in his own way with this stuff. A few
               weeks later, Dick proposed. Very soon after that,
               his father asked my mother something along the
               lines of "Is Lisa stable? Does she understand
               about family?" And my mother could answer,
               without a hint of irony or falsehood, "Family
               means everything to Lisa."                    (p. 347)
                           The Bibliography                              401


543. Shabazz, Bakari. Coming Clean: A Tale Told from the Heart.
     [Missouri]: Bird in Paradise Publishing, 1999. 306 pages. ISBN:
     0967351804.
        Abstract:   Bakari Shabazz writes about his teenage years from
        fourteen to seventeen, during the years 1968 to 1971.      He was a
        student at Martin Luther King, Jr. Junior High School and Central
        High School in Kansas City. In junior high, Shabazz had begun
        earning good grades and taking an interest in his studies, but as he
        turned fourteen and was transferred to King, he started skipping
        school, spending time in the streets, committing crimes, and tak-
        ing and selling drugs and alcohol. He witnessed rapes and par-
        ticipated in shootings, fights, purse snatching, and other crimes.
        He describes his growing numbness to violence and cruelty, writ-
        ing that he was "losing sensitivity for people and situations that I
        should have shown more care and concern, [sic] for and about" (p.
        138). Shabazz's mother was a school teacher and his relationship
        with her was distant. His father worked as a janitor. He was lov-
        ing and concerned when he was sober, but became angry and vio-
        lent when he was drunk. Shabazz remembers many times that he
        tried to stand between his mother and father, taking on the role of
        her protector. He felt bitter because his mother never offered him
        any protection or support in return. Shabazz believed that he was
        the unwanted child in the family. Shabazz ends his story when, at
        the age of seventeen, he awaits the arrival of his father to pick him
        up, once again, from juvenile detention. The narrative ends with
        the promise that in the future Shabazz will convert to Islam and
        stay away from drugs, alcohol, and crime.


544. Shakoor, Jordana Y.       Civil Rights Childhood.             Jackson,
     Mississippi: University of Mississippi Press, 1999.         216 pages;
     photographs. ISBN: 157806192x.
        Abstract: Jordana Shakoor's childhood was shaped by her father's
        involvement in the Civil Rights Movement. She tells his story as
        part of her own.   Her father, Andrew Jordan, and mother, Arella
       Love, both grew up on plantations in Mississippi. Although both
       families were sharecroppers, Arella's family worked on a planta-
       tion owned by people who were fair and treated the tenant farm-
       ers with relative respect. Andrew Jordan's family, on the other
       hand, worked for landlords who kept as much of the profits as
       they could, leaving very little to the tenant farmers who did the
       work. Jordan was determined to get off the farm and had plans to
       be a teacher. At the age of twenty-one, however, he had not yet
       graduated from high school and was drafted into the army to fight
402        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        in the "colored unit" in Korea. Jordan completed his tour of duty,
        returned    to   Mississippi,    passed   his   G.E.D.,    and   attended
        Mississippi Vocational College on funds from the GI Bill. While at
        college, Jordan was introduced to the Student Nonviolent
        Coordinating Committee and became involved in the Civil Rights
        Movement. By the time he graduated, he had married and start-
        ed a family, and he also accomplished his goal of becoming a
        teacher by getting a job in Greenwood, which was about fifty
        miles from home. Jordan stayed active in civil rights and helped
        to form a local chapter of the NAACP. The family livelihood, how-
         ever, was lost when Jordan was fired because he and his wife had
         attempted to register to vote. In 1964, no longer able to make a liv-
         ing, Jordan moved his family to Toledo, Ohio.            They found life
         there, while not free from racism, much easier. Registering to vote
         was simple and without repercussions, the children played with
         white children for the first time in their lives, and Mr. Jordan was
         able to resume his teaching career. Three of the five Jordan sisters
         graduated from college. Shakoor graduated from Ohio State
         University and owns a consulting and management training firm.

545. Sharpton, Al (1954- ). Go and Tell Pharaoh: The Autobiography of
     the Reverend Al Sharpton. Written with Anthony Walton. New
      York, New York: Doubleday, 1996.             276 pages; photographs.
      ISBN: 0385475837.
         Abstract: Al Sharpton writes that he hopes his book will
                   ... Shed at least a little light on one man's expe-
                   rience at the front lines of racial and ethnic con-
                   flict in our society, and in so doing contribute to
                   the sort of understanding that will allow all of us
                   to forgive each other what has happened here
                   and begin the real work of providing a just and
                   prosperous society for all our citizens . . . and
                   securing the as-of-now-uncertain future of our
                   children and grandchildren and beyond.         (p. 7)
         Born in 1954, Sharpton began preaching at the age of four. In first
         grade he was signing his school assignments as Reverend Alfred
         Sharpton, and at ten he was an ordained and licensed minister of
         the Pentecostal Church.        His early heroes were Adam Clayton
         Powell and Malcolm X. Later he would look to Jesse Jackson as a
         mentor and guide. Early on, Sharpton became involved with the
         Civil Rights Movement. He worked with Operation Bread Basket
         run by the Southern Christian Leadership Council. He later broke
         from that organization and began his own National Youth
                          The Bibliography                               403


        Movement.     Singer James Brown became interested in Sharpton's
        work, and together they organized a concert in Brooklyn to raise
        money for Sharpton's organization. Brown took a fatherly interest
        in Sharpton and took him on tour. While traveling with Brown,
        Sharpton organized new National Youth Movement chapters,
        raised money, and continued to preach at churches across the
        country. Sharpton's high media visibility and his direct-action tac-
        tics have placed him in the middle of many controversies. In his
        book, Sharpton describes’ a number of events from his point of
        view and refutes the accusations that have been brought against
        him.   Some of his most prominent work has been, as he describes
        it, to place a value on the lives of African Americans, most notably
        young black men. In describing events that took place in the New
        York City neighborhoods      of Bensonhurst,   Howard    Beach, and
        Crown Heights, Sharpton writes that "young black men. . . lived
        in a society where, by all appearance, their lives were not worth a
        dime" (p. 166). By insuring that individuals receive due process
        within the judicial process, Sharpton shows that their lives are
        valuable. Sharpton describes his campaigns for public office in
        1992 and 1994 and discusses black nationalism and the growing
        division between blacks and Jews. Sharpton writes that he is "only
        interested in justice," and that he wants
                 every little kid to have a chance to become what-
                 ever he or she can imagine, I want to help get my
                 people out from under the grip of Pharaoh—the
                 blind and arrogant indifference to their lives and
                 hopes by individuals and institutions in the
                 country of their births that has maimed, for no
                 reason, so many for so long.               (p. 270)

546. Short, Bobby. Bobby Short: The Life and Times of a Saloon Singer.
     Written   with   Robert   Mackintosh.      New     York,   New    York:
     Clarkson Potter/Publishers, 1995.         265 pages; photographs.
     ISBN: 0517595648.
        Abstract: Bobby Short began entertaining at the piano while still
        a child. At eleven, he went to Chicago, where he performed as a
        singer and pianist for nearly two years. He returned home to
        Danville, Illinois, to finish high school and to rest. At seventeen,
        he was back in Chicago singing and playing at the Dome. Short
        describes his long musical career in Los Angeles, New York, Paris,
        and London. He discusses the artists he admired and worked
        with, the club owners and promoters, his audience, and his style.
        His first New York engagement was an unsuccessful four-week
404        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         opening act at the Blue Angel. He subsequently left New York to
         work in Los Angeles, where he was well received at the Haig. He
         polished his skills and developed his personal style during a long
         stay in Paris and then returned to New York, where he stayed for
         the rest of his career. About Paris, Short writes, "For a black enter-
         tainer, Paris was a symbol of hope. The race problem was mini-
         mal, and performers were judged—glory be—on performance" (p.
         134). Toward the end of the 1960s, the audiences in nightclubs and
         supper clubs began to dwindle.       It was at this seemingly bleak
         point that Short's career took off with performances at Lincoln
         Center, Town Hall and Carnegie Hall and on Broadway.          In 1968,
         he began his longest engagement, performing nightly at the Café
         Carlyle. He celebrated his twenty-fifth anniversary at the café in
         1993:

547. Shuffer, George Macon, Jr. (1923- ). My Journey to Betterment:
      An Autobiography.     New York, New York: Vantage Press, 1999.
      190 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0533126541.
         Abstract: Shuffer begins his life story by describing his colorful
         family history. The paternal grandfathers of both his mother and
         father were white slave owners, and both his mother and father's
         families ended up in Vistula, Texas, following emancipation. After
         some years, for reasons related to their successful farming and
         ranching enterprises, they were targeted by the Ku Klux Klan.
         Told that the local police establishment would not protect the fam-
         ilies, they left everything behind and scattered. Shuffer's mother
         and father, already married,     moved   to Palestine, Texas, where
         Shuffer was born. Convinced that, because of poverty, racism and
         segregation, he had no hopes of attending college and bettering
         himself, Shuffer left home at the age of seventeen to join the army.
         His military career spanned thirty-five years, and he achieved the
         rank of brigadier general. Racist America was accurately reflected
         in the army during his earliest years. Shuffer recalls donning his
         "tailor-cut officer's uniform" and thinking, "At last, I am an officer
         and gentleman of the United States." But upon attending his first
         officers’ call he found that the seating was segregated. The colonel
         addressing the group began his remarks, "Gentlemen and Colored
         second lieutenants!" Shuffer writes, "Disappointment, frustration
         and disgust so crowded my mind that I heard only scattered frag-
         ments of his thirty-minute speech" (p. 49). After serving as a
         much-decorated officer during World War II, the Korean War, and
         the Vietnam Conflict, Shuffer was sent to Panama, where he intro-
         duced his Equal Opportunity and Race Harmony program. This
         successful program directed that all barracks, activities, and pla-
                        The Bibliography                               405


       toons be integrated. In the early 1970s he also introduced the pro-
       gram in Germany. It was so successful that he expanded it to
       include business establishments surrounding the army base.
       Establishments were told that no business operating under a poli-
       cy of segregation would be patronized by any member of the
       armed forces. Shuffer was in line for a promotion to full general,
       but his career was cut short by a degenerative bone condition. He
       retired from the army in 1975. A devout Catholic, Shuffer then
       began to study and train to become a permanent deacon in the
       Roman Catholic Church.      He was ordained in 1977 in El Paso,
       Texas. Shuffer is the father of eleven children. He and Cecilia, his
       wife of over forty years, whose family history he also provides,
       met while he was stationed in Arizona.

548. Simmons, George W. A Determined Man: An Autobiography.
     Frankfort, Kentucky: Kentucky Color Publishing, 1997. 160
     pages; photographs. ISBN: 0965165310.
       Abstract: George Simmons's mother and father bought two hous-
       es and forty acres of land at Squirrel Lake in Mississippi when he
       was about two years old. Simmons describes his childhood grow-
       ing up on this land. He recalls various activities, including base-
       ball, dating, school, and hunting. Simmons attended school away
       from home in Tennessee and Mississippi, but had to quit when his
       father became ill. Besides farming, Simmons took any other jobs
       he could find. He describes working on the railroad with men that
       acted like "lower animals" (p. 32) and were treated like lower ani-
       mals. Despite his unhappiness with his work and frustration at
       not being able to continue his education, he continued to help his
       family and did not graduate from high school until he was twen-
       ty-five. Simmons then taught school for a few years before
       enrolling at Kentucky State College in 1937. He worked hard at
       his studies, but found that he was not well-enough prepared for
       college to succeed. In 1942, Simmons was drafted and spent the
       next three-and-a-half years in the army. He was sent to North
       Africa, where he worked with the medical corps as a clerk typist.
       After his discharge, Simmons was determined to make something
       of himself professionally and to work for social change. He
       returned to college in 1948 and graduated two years later at the
       age of thirty-eight. He became a teacher of vocational agriculture,
       not only teaching classes, but visiting with farmers and advising
       them on methods and procedures. He also worked in state gov-
      ernment as a child welfare worker, an employment counselor, and
      an employment advisor to prisoners on parole. Simmons retired
      from his government position in 1973, frustrated with the corrup-
406        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        tion and lack of opportunities for advancement. He began to vol-
        unteer at a local hospital, with the Senior Citizen Agency, and he
        participated in many other community activities. Simmons writes
        about his years of work, his views on the community, his mar-
        riage, building a house, and his ordeal with colon cancer.

549. Simmons, Joseph. It’s Like That: A Spiritual Memoir. Written
     with Curtis L. Taylor. New York, New York: St. Martin's Press,
      2000. 158 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0312204671.
        Abstract: Joseph Simmons, better known as Run of the rap group
        Run D.M.C., was barely a teenager when the group rapped its way
        to the top of the charts with platinum albums and sold-out concert
        tours. After the release of Run D.M.C.'s wildly-successful third
        album, Raising Hell, Simmons began to experience depression. He
        was addicted to drugs, alcohol, women, and money and he want-
        ed more of everything. He reached his lowest point when Run
        D.M.C.'s fourth album failed to produce the anticipated popular
        acclaim. A fifth album did worse, concerts stopped selling out, a
        movie project failed, Simmons was accused of rape, and his first
        wife took their children and left him. He decided to visit Zoe
        Ministries and started attending regularly. By 1994, he had
        become a minister.   Simmons describes his spiritual renewal, pro-
        vides his rules for life, gives examples of his faith and enthusiasm
         and his new way of living. He has remarried, started a new fam-
         ily, regained his wealth, and continues a successful performing
         career with Run D.M.C.

550. Simms, Lois Averetta.    A Chalk and Chalkboard Career in Carolina.
      New York, New York: Vantage Press, 1995. 268 pages; photo-
      graphs. ISBN: 0533113903.
         Abstract: Lois Simms devoted her life to teaching in the public
         school system of Charleston County, South Carolina. She begins
         her narrative with her earliest experiences as a teacher. She pro-
         vides background on the various schools in which she taught,
         most notably the historic Avery Normal Institute and Laing
         Industrial High School. Simms took summer college sessions each
         year and completed her M.A. at Howard University the same year
         that Thurgood Marshall received an honorary degree for his work
         on Brown v. Board of Education. Simms notes that she learned from
         her students as well as they from her. It was through their influ-
         ence that she developed a black literature component for her
         English classes, creating a reading list with the names of authors
         provided by her pupils. She writes, "Many times since my career
                           The Bibliography                              407


        has ended, I have wondered about the word teach. I think now
        that the student-teacher relationship is a shared learning experi-
        ence in terms of knowledge (subject matter) and human behavior"
        (p. 47). She recalls with fondness many of the students she taught
        and describes the ways in which they have succeeded in life, hop-
        ing to convince the reader of the value of the public school system.
        Along with her personal experiences, Simms comments on the sig-
        nificant social progress she has witnessed, including the improve-
        ment in conditions for African-American teachers.

551. Singh, Surjit (1921-1995). From Punjab to New York: A Reflective
     Journey. New Delhi: A.P.H. Publishing Corp., 1999. 303 pages.
     ISBN: 817024966x.
        Abstract: Surjit Singh was born in the village of Jamki in Punjab.
        He moved to New Delhi in 1946, just before the British division of
        India, Nehru's declaration of independence from Britain, and the
        terrible riots that took place in India and Pakistan following both
        of those events.   A Jat Sikh, Singh attended Khalsa College, a Sikh
       religious school. He first began work in libraries at the Punjab
       Public Library, associated with Punjab University, and later
       moved to the Central Secretariat Library in New Delhi. Singh left
       India in 1948 to attend library school at the University of
       Michigan. Following graduation he took a four-month internship
       at the United Nation's Library and ended up working there until
       his retirement in 1981. Singh returned to India in 1958 to marry
       Dr. Narindar Singh. He spent six years in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia
       setting up a new U.N. library. He returned to New York in 1964,
       where he resumed his duties at the newly constructed Dag
       Hammerskjold Library, a gift to the U.N. from the Ford
       Foundation. Singh retired from the U.N. in 1981 to take on the
       responsibilities of a full-time house husband. As he narrates the
       details of his life, Singh also discusses the history of Punjab, as
       well as the political, religious, and social upheavals of India and
       Pakistan. He writes about the development of the United Nations,
       those who have led that body, and the organization's goals and
       accomplishments. Singh reviews the events of world history, wars
       within nations, between nations, and the often-harmful interfer-
       ence of powerful countries in the matters of weaker and poorer
       countries. Singh describes his vision for world peace and analyzes
       the role of the various religions in maintaining or hindering that
       peace.
408        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



552. Singleton, William Henry (1835-1938). Recollections of My
     Slavery Days. Introduction and annotations by Katherine
      Mellen Charron and David S. Cecelski.           Chapel Hill, North
      Carolina: Academic Affairs Library, University of North
      Carolina at Chapel Hill, 2000.
        http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu/neh/singleton/singleton.sgml
        http: / /docsouth.unc.edu /neh/singleton/singleton.html
        Notes: Documenting the American South (Project).

553. Sings-Alone, Grandfather Duncan.         See Duncan, C. W.

554. Skinner, Daniel T. Ustaz Aswad = Black Professor: A Literary
     Memoir. [Baltimore, Maryland]: D. T. Skinner, 1996. 173 pages;
      photographs. ISBN: none.
        Abstract:   Daniel Skinner was born in Boston, Massachusetts, in
        1916. He attended integrated schools and graduated first in his
        high-school class of 680 students. His father was a Jehovah's
        Witness, and his mother was a Methodist.      Skinner and all of the
         other children in the family converted to Roman Catholicism
         under the influence of their eldest sister. Skinner attended
         Harvard University and received a master's degree from Boston
         College. An expert in eight languages, he began his teaching
         career at Virginia State College in the French department. He later
         taught Spanish at Dillard University in New Orleans. During
         World War II, Skinner was drafted into the army. He attended
         Officers Candidate School and Military Intelligence School and
         was sent to Europe in 1945. Once, while on active duty in the
         United States, Skinner was issued a first class train ticket by the
         army to get to his next assignment, but was ordered by the train
         company to move to the Jim Crow coach. When he refused, he
         was imprisoned overnight. "Good Lord! What a War to spread
         Democracy abroad while practicing Racism at home!" (p. 61).
         Following the war, Skinner spent the next thirty-five-and-a-half
         years teaching at Morgan State College in Baltimore, Maryland.
         While at Morgan State, Skinner took a leave to return to Harvard
         and earn his Ph.D. He also spent a year with his wife and two
         sons serving the U.S. State Department in Europe. He writes that
         because he could not act as an apologist for racial conditions in the
         United States, he was not given a permanent appointment.
         Skinner retired from Morgan State in 1981. He held post-retire-
         ment teaching positions at Sojourner-Douglass College and
         Coppin State College. During his years of teaching, Skinner devel-
                         The Bibliography                                 409


       oped an appreciation for black studies and Négritude.        He
       believes that African-American students should have the oppor-
       tunity for an Afrocentric education rather than the more typical
       Eurocentric education. Although he remains a faithful Catholic,
       Skinner gave his memoir an Arabic title and quotes generously
       from al Quran because he wishes to “ally Black Americans with
       Muslims of the third World since many of our African forebears
       knew Arabic and al Quran" (p. 129). Skinner's wife died in 1995.
       As he concludes his book, he looks to his own final years and
       death.

555. Skolnick, Sharon Okee-Chee         and Manny Skolnick.             Where
    Courage Is like a Wild Horse: The World of an Indian Orphanage.
    Lincoln, Nebraska:      University of Nebraska       Press, 1997.     148
    pages. ISBN: 0803242638.
       Abstract:   Skolnick, a visual artist, describes the twenty-six chap-
       ters of her book as photographs resurrecting memories of the year
       she and her younger sister Jackie spent at the Murrow Indian
       Orphanage near Muskogee, Oklahoma.           They were the only
       Apache children. Most of the others were from Oklahoma tribes:
       Cherokee,   Osage,   Delaware,   and   Kiowa.   Because   her year at
       Murrow was painful, Skolnick preferred to keep her memories at
       bay: "To complete the ritual of forgetting, I'd send memories of
       those long, stifling afternoons right up in smoke. But that is some-
       thing you want to be careful about, killing memories. ... I've just
       turned a‘corner and found some of mine. The Murrow memories"
       (p. 1). Skolnick, who suffered from a severe disfiguring skin con-
       dition, describes her sense of isolation and her eagerness to fight
       in defense of her honor and to protect her sister. She writes about
       becoming lifelong friends with a girl she had mistakenly singled
       out as one of her enemies. When this friend told her a story from
       Kiowa tradition, Skolnick was inspired to interpret it into a picture
       which won a contest. This event, along with meeting the famous
      Native American artist Richard West, empowered Skolnick to
      view herself as an artist. At Murrow, prospective parents would
      often come by to visit children. One day, Skolnick and her sister
      were visited by Lynette Reeves, who took a special interest in
      Skolnick because of her artistic abilities. Reeves, who was half
      Delaware, also seemed to appreciate Skolnick's fighting nature.
      Unlike many of the adults with whom the girls were in contact,
      Reeves was proud of her Indian heritage and was full of informa-
      tion about Native accomplishments and traditions. On her second
      visit with the girls, Reeves gave Skolnick her Indian name         from
      the Delaware language, Okee-Chee, which means Blue Bird, after
410        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


        the blue bird that Skolnick had drawn for her. Reeves and her hus-
        band did adopt the girls, and in an afterword, Skolnick gives a
        brief synopsis of their life with them. Following high school,
        Skolnick was accepted with a full scholarship into the Institute of
        American Indian Arts in Santa Fe. She writes, "I found myself at
        the heart of a cultural and intellectual ferment unlike anything I'd
        experienced before. I learned that being Indian was a prideful
         thing" (p. 148).

556. Sloan, John Steward (1918- ). Survival! A Purple Heart Tuskegee
      Airman. Danbury, Connecticut: Rutledge Books, 2000.               414
      pages; photographs. ISBN: 1582440824.
         Abstract: John S. Sloan grew up in South Louisville, Kentucky.
         He attended George C. Moore School, "the sole colored school in
         South Louisville" (p. 44).   Sloan describes himself as a reclusive
         adolescent, happy to be spending his time with books. He gradu-
         ated from high school in 1935 and attended Kentucky State
         Industrial College with plans to be a lawyer. As the U.S. entered
         World War II, however, Sloan began keeping close track of the
         NAACP fight to open up flight training to African-American sol-
         diers. He volunteered for the Air Corps as soon as the opportuni-
         ty presented itself. Although he had a number of hurdles to over-
         come, he was at last accepted into the Air Corps and received
         orders to report to Tuskegee Air Base in October of 1942. When his
         training was complete and Sloan had graduated as a second lieu-
         tenant, he and his wife moved to his next assignment at Selfridge
         Field, near Detroit, Michigan.    While there, Sloan was unfairly
         charged with buzzing and low-altitude acrobatics and was con-
         fined to his quarters for nearly two months. He never knew who
         reported him or any of the details of the charge. He describes the
         period leading up to and including the court martial as a kind of
         nightmare of which he remembers little. Shortly after he was
         cleared of charges, he and his company were sent to Taranto Bay,
         along the coast of Italy. On his seventh mission, in March 1944,
         Sloan was hit by gunfire and made a crash landing. The remain-
         der of his autobiography deals with his hospitalization, treatment,
         and recovery. He returned to the United States in June of 1944, but
         was not released from the hospital until the spring of 1945. While
         convalescing, Sloan enrolled in classes at Fisk University and was
         executive secretary for the Nashville NAACP. After his discharge,
         he and his wife moved to Chicago, where he worked for the Urban
         League. Sloan's other career activities included founding and
         editing a newspaper, working as a counselor, and being involved
         in politics. Sloan is a poet and he has included a number of his
         poems in this work.
                            The Bibliography                              411


557. Smith, Amanda (1837-1915). An Autobiography: The Story of the
     Lord's Dealings with Mrs. Amanda Smith, the Colored Evangelist,
     Containing an Account of Her Life Work of Faith, and Her Travels in
     America,    England,    Ireland,    Scotland,   India, and Africa, As an
     Independent Missionary.            Written with J. M. Thoburn (1836-
     1922). New York Public Library Digital Library Collections.
     Digital Schomburg. New York, New York: New York Public
     Library, 1997.
        http://digilib.nypl.org:80 /dynaweb/ digs /wwm97264/@Generic
        %o5F%5FBookView
        Notes: Also available Chapel Hill: Academic Affairs Library,
        University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, 1999. Documenting
        the American South (Project).     http:/ /metalab.unc.edu/doc-
        south/smitham/smith.html.
        Available in paper as An Autobiography: The Story of the Lord's
        Dealings with Mrs. Amanda Smith, the Colored Evangelist. New York:
        Oxford University Press, 1988.       ISBN: 0195052617.


558. Smith, David (b. 1784). Biography of Rev. David Smith of the
     A.M.E. Church Being a Complete History, Embracing over Sixty
     Years’ Labor in the Advancement of the Redeemer’s Kindgom on
     Earth: Including "The History of the Origin and Development of
     Wilberforce University.” Chapel Hill, North Carolina: Academic
     Affairs Library, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill,
     1999.
        http:/ /metalab.unc.edu/ docsouth/neh/dsmith/dsmith.html
        Notes: Documenting the American South (Project).

Boo. Smith, James L. Autobiography of James L. Smith Including Also,
     Reminiscences of Slave Life, Recollections of the War, Education of
     Freedmen, Causes of the Exodus, Etc. Chapel Hill, North
     Carolina: Academic Affairs Library, University of North
     Carolina at Chapel Hill, 2000.
        http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu/neh/smithj/smithj.sgml
        http://docsouth.unc.edu/neh/smithj/smithj.html
        Notes:   Documenting the American South (Project).
412        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



560. Smith, Margaret Charles (b. 1906) and Linda Janet Holmes.
      Listen To Me Good: The Life Story of an Alabama Midwife. Women
      and Health Series.      Columbus, Ohio: Ohio State University
      Press, 1996. 178 pages. ISBN: 0814207006 : 0814207014.
         Abstract:   Margaret Charles Smith, born in 1906, was a midwife.
         Smith started out by assisting relatives and friends with births.
         She often worked with midwife Ella Anderson, whom she credits
         with teaching her everything she knows about delivering babies.
         When the state of Alabama started a certification program for lay
         (with no formal medical training) midwives, Smith was encour-
         aged by a local doctor to take up this calling. Her formal training
         consisted of three Saturday morning workshops and a two-week
         course at the Tuskegee Institute. The midwives were given strict
         guidelines to follow, and their traditional methods, which includ-
         ed uses of particular teas and roots, were forbidden.        Smith
         remembers the extreme poverty in which many women lived in
         Alabama's Greene County. She describes one household as hav-
         ing a pig in one corner, a goat in another, the mother and father
         sleeping in one bed, and a young woman trying to deliver her
         eighth child in another. Smith would see her mothers through
         labor and delivery, staying until mother and child were both sta-
         ble. The work was exhausting. Racism was always part of the sys-
         tem: black midwives were not allowed to deliver white babies and
         pay was sporadic and always ridiculously low. The Alabama Lay
         Licensing Program lasted into the late seventies, when it was
         abruptly terminated. Smith was able to work until 1981. Janet
         Holmes provides historical material, including the history of the
         practice of midwifery in Alabama. Despite the low status of the
         midwife within the medical profession, Smith writes, "I'm worth
         millions of dollars for what I've done. I thought I was doing a big
         thing. I was proud of it. The lives that I've saved, going to deliv-
         er all these babies, still Igot something to be thankful for. The chil-
         dren have grown so. ... I am thankful, yeah" (p. 156).

561. Smith, Otis Milton. Looking beyond Race: The Life of Otis Milton
      Smith. Written with Mary M. Stolberg. Foreword by Vernon E.
      Jordan, Jr. Detroit, Michigan: Wayne State University Press,
      2000. 257 pages; photographs; index. ISBN: 081432939x.
         Abstract: Otis Smith was born in 1922 in Memphis, Tennessee. He
         and his older brother Hamilton lived with their mother. A half-
         hearted student, Smith dropped out of high school to work full
         time and supplement the meager family income.         He later gradu-
         ated from high school and received            a full scholarship     to
                         The Bibliography                                413


        Morehouse College, but delayed his enrollment until he had
        earned money for living expenses. Smith was selected for a
        patronage job by the Democratic Party machine and given a posi-
        tion at the Game and Fish Division of the State Department of
        Conservation in Nashville. Although Smith was thankful for the
        work, he was not fooled by the party's motives. He, like many
        other African Americans working at the largesse of the party,
        chose to join the NAACP as a way of taking an independent stand.
        After World War II and time in the military, Smith attended
        Syracuse University, where he studied journalism.        He then
        attended Catholic University Law School and passed both the
        Washington, D.C., and Michigan bar exams. Smith traces his legal
        career, from work in criminal law to an appointment as chairman
        of the State of Michigan Public Service Commission. From this
        position he was nominated and elected to state auditor general,
        and then to the Michigan Supreme Court, where he served two
        terms. Following this, Smith joined the legal staff at General
        Motors, where he was general counsel until his retirement in 1983.
        Smith was active in the NAACP and Urban League. He writes
        about the progress made by African Americans during the 1960s
        and 1970s. He notes that this progress has since slowed down and
        in some cases gone backwards, and he criticizes those who, with
        short sightedness, claim that all is well: "[MJany whites have dealt
       with the nation's racial problems by simply denying that they exist
       ..." (p. 205). He rejects the notion, however, that there have been
       no advances at all. To claim this, he says, is to deny the hard work
       and sacrifices of so many. He maintains that it is important to
       acknowledge the tremendous gains of the Civil Rights Movement,
       but to admit that more needs to be done.

562. Smyers, David D. The Hustler’s Handbook: Reflections of the
     Insane, Known As the Mack Game, and an Escape from the Wrath.
    Point Richmond, California: Sur-Mount Publishers, 1999.             149
    pages. ISBN: 0967351707.
       Abstract: David Smyers was thirteen when he went to the store to
       buy dog food. After he accused the salesclerk of overcharging
       him, the clerk hit him in the head. Smyers hit back with his can
       and then left, throwing an empty bottle at the store as he retreat-
       ed. When this incident was reported to his school, the adminis-
       tration decided to put him in the troubled-student class. Smyers's
       parents took him out of the school, but no other school would
       accept him.   Smyers describes a life haunted by this incident, and
       he seemed doomed to repeat it over and over. Smyers would have
       a violent outburst or slip into illegal activity, negating any
414        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        progress he had made in getting his life together. In verse, he
        describes his experiences as a criminal and as a prisoner. Each
        time he was released from prison, he was determined to lead a dif-
        ferent life. His family would welcome him home, he would find
        work, remain happy for a time, and then slip back into his old
        habits. Smyers discusses various religions. He had contact with
        African Americans of the Islam faith in prison, he was exposed to
        a branch of East Indian Spirituality, and his father was a Christian
        minister. He tried to draw on these, and even went as far as organ-
        izing his own church, but pride, money, and women interfered
        with Smyers's sincerity and spirituality. Smyers writes about his
        mystically obtained ability to play piano, his period as a clothing
        salesman, wandering into the world of prostitution, providing
        transportation for the elderly, operating a catering truck, selling
        Persian rugs, dancing, operating a limousine service, and his sev-
        eral marriages. The book ends with Smyers struggling with his
        conscience, but believing that his Christian faith will win out over
        his weakness in the face of temptation.

563. Snell, Alma    Hogan     (1923- ). Grandmother's       Grandchild: My
      Crow Indian Life. Edited by Becky Matthews.           Lincoln,
      Nebraska: University of Nebraska Press, 2000. 213 pages; pho-
      tographs; index. ISBN: 0803242778.
        Abstract: Alma Hogan Snell was born and raised at the Crow
        Agency along the Little Bighorn River in Montana. She was raised
        by her grandmother, Pretty Shield, who was a traditionalist.      She
        tried to raise her children and grandchildren in the same way she
        had been raised. Snell's grandfather had scouted for the United
        States Government and had been with the Union Army with
        General Custer. A convert to Christianity, he did not want Pretty
        Shield to practice medicine or magic in the way of her Crow ances-
        tors. Pretty Shield persisted, however, as she thought necessary
        for the wellbeing of her children and grandchildren. Snell loved
         and respected her grandmother, and she also loved the church.
         She attended the Burgess Memorial Baptist Church, which she
         considered a home away from home and the pastor and his wife
         her surrogate parents. When Snell went away to South Dakota to
         attend the Indian School, Pretty Shield felt that her usefulness was
         over. She believed the schools were teaching her grandchildren to
         "live in the white man's way" (p. 107), and that this spelled the end
         of the tribal customs she found so important. Snell writes about
         her school days and her homesickness. She met her future hus-
         band, Bill Snell, while at Flandreau Indian School, but it would be
         some time before they were able to marry.      He was a member of
                           The Bibliography                                415


       the Assiniboine Tribe, and her family was opposed to her marry-
       ing outside of the Crow Tribe. The two separated for a while, and
       during that time Snell was raped and bore a child. They were,
       however, eventually reunited, and lived both at his family farm in
       Fort Bell Knap and at the Crow Agency. Snell describes the work
       she did at both the Assiniboine and Crow agencies, including sen-
       ior activities. One of the Crow traditions Snell continues is col-
       lecting and using roots and other plants for medicinal purposes.
       People come from around the world to consult with her. Snell
       writes about the progress of her own children and expresses her
       hope for the future of all Crow Indians. She writes, "I want Crow
       children to know they have a place under the sun. That place is
       that they are a Crow tribe of Indians. The material in their roots is
       as good or better than what's happening today. I think we are
       beginning to blossom from our roots. A blossom is growing, and
        I'm glad" (182).

564. Sneve, Virginia Driving Hawk. Completing the Circle. Lincoln,
     Nebraska: University of Nebraska Press, 1995. 119 pages; pho-
    tographs; map. ISBN: 0803242263.
       Notes: Paperback published Lincoln: University of Nebraska
       Press Bison Books, 1998. ISBN: 0803292546.
       Abstract: Virginia Driving Hawk has written several children's
       books about Native Americans and has published her research on
       Native-American history.      In this book, she looks into the history
       of her grandmothers, noting that much Native-American history
       has little to say about the women: "To the Dakotas and Lakotas
       ...and other American Indians, the circle is a sacred symbol of all
       life. A great deal is known of that circle, yet, just as within my
       family's circle, there are great gaps because so little is known about
       the women" (p. xii). She is particularly drawn to the stories of her
       grandmothers because, traditionally in Indian society, mothers
       have to devote themselves to their husbands, and grandmothers
       are in charge of the education and care of their grandchildren.
       This meant that her grandmothers were the most important
       people to her while she was growing up. Sneve uses material she
       has researched to fill in the details of the daily lives of several gen-
       erations of women on both her mother's and father's sides and to
       learn about the historical events that would have influenced their
       lives. Her family has been Christian for several generations, and
       she learned that when the first forefathers were converted, they
       had to choose one of their several wives to live with. This means
       that some of the women in her family were "put away" when their
416        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         husbands chose another wife to live with. Other female ancestors
         were married to white men, and their status varied throughout the
         generations.    Many times, joining white society meant isolation
         and giving up other women to share housework and child-rearing
         duties with. Toward the end of the book, Sneve writes about her
         own childhood. She was born to a full-blooded Indian father and
         mixed-race mother. Her father was an Episcopalian priest, and
         she and her brother had a happy but poor childhood on a reser-
         vation during the Great Depression. As an adult, she and her hus-
         band and children brought her paternal grandmother to live with
         them during the cold winters. During these times, her grand-
         mother Flora passed the lonely time making quilt tops for Sneve's
         children, just as she had for her own children.

565. Snipes, Bill (1956- ). Against the Odds: The Story of a Modern
     American Mulatto Living in Asia. New York, New York: Vantage
      Press, 1996. 141 pages. ISBN: 0533117496.
         Abstract:    Bill Snipes's parents met and married in England dur-
         ing World War II.      Snipes's father, an African American, was a
         medical sergeant in an all-Negro regiment of the United States
         Army. His mother was a white British nurse. They moved to
         Harlem after the war, where Snipes was born in 1956.        His father
         suffered from alcoholism and his mother supported the family
         both spiritually and economically. Snipes attended Bronx High
         School of Science, graduating at the age of sixteen. He went to col-
         lege at St. Lawrence University in Canton, New York, and then to
         Stanford Law School. He has practiced law in California and
         Virginia and throughout Asia. In his memoir, Snipes focuses on
         his experience growing up as a person of mixed race. Snipes
         describes himself as light skinned, with light-colored hair and
         dark features, which usually make his race a mystery to people.
         When asked about his background, he may or may not choose to
         explain the mystery for the questioner.
                     We should remind    ourselves that, as a nation
                     and as a people, we have always drawn strength
                     and creativity from our diversity. But at the end
                     of the day, we are and remain first and foremost
                     American. Any "balkanization" due to race, lan-
                     guage or economics is not only unfortunate but
                     dangerous. We do not all have to agree on every
                     issue, or physically look alike, as long as we
                     share that one common, inviolable bond.
                                                                (p. 92)
                         The Bibliography                                 417


       In his book, Snipes also writes of his marriage and difficult divorce
       and about fatherhood. He concludes with an account of his trav-
       els and work throughout Asia. Snipes includes a bibliography of
       readings on various countries in Asia, "Eurasians," "marginality,"
       and a brief selection of autobiographies that have inspired his own
       writing, including Arthur Ashe, Michael Crichton, Sarah and
       Elizabeth Delany, and Kirk Douglas.

566. Snoop Dogg. Tha Dogefather: The Times, Trials, and Hardcore
     Truths of Snoop Dogg. Written with Davin Seay. New York,
     New York: William Morrow & Company, 1999. 229 pages;
    photographs. ISBN: 0688171583 : 0061076074.
       Abstract: Snoop Dogg describes his childhood growing up in East
       Long Beach, California as a happy one. His father left the family
       when Snoop was a toddler, but his mother was very loving, mak-
       ing up in part for his father's absence. One of Snoop Dogg's most
       positive childhood experiences was playing football in the Pop
       Warner Football League under a coach whom he credits with
       teaching him self-respect and instilling the confidence that he
       could accomplish what he set out to do. By the time he was in his
       teens, Snoop Dogg became involved in gang life, joining the Crips
       and eventually selling crack cocaine.   In the midst of this lifestyle,
       Snoop Dogg and two friends began writing rap pieces and per-
       forming at parties. As he became more involved in performing,
       his motivation to sell drugs diminished. He had decided to sell off
       the last of his cocaine and pay off his debts when he was caught in
       a sting and arrested. Snoop Dogg spent one year in jail. Through
       the inspiration of his mother and his own religious faith, he decid-
       ed to change the course of his life. After he was released from
       prison, Snoop Dogg connected with rap impresario Dr. Dre, and
       began recording. His first successful album was The Chronic. He
       describes the transition to fame and notoriety. As he became a
       prominent figure, he also became a target for rival gangs. While
       working on his second album Snoop Dogg was accused of murder.
       He describes the incident that led to his arrest and the arrest of two
       others, their court trial, and their acquittal. Snoop Dogg writes
       about his relationship with Shanté Taylor, his wife and the mother
       of his three children. He also writes about his friendship with the
       late Tupac Shakur. Snoop Dogg recalls that after the murder of
       Tupac, he and other rap artists realized that their image and cul-
       ture should change. It was no longer enough to tell it "like it is";
       they needed to tell it "like it could be" (p. 201). Snoop Dogg's goal
       is: "To increase the peace. To spread the music. To elevate and
       educate. ... [I]f you remember those words you'll know all you
      need to about Snoop Dogg" (p. 1).
418       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



567. Song, Shuimei. A Rough Lifetime for Fifty Years: An
     Autobiography of a Lady Fighting against Misfortunes. Brooklyn,
     New York: S. Song, 1995. 98 pages; photographs. ISBN: none.
        Abstract:     Shuimei Song was born in Guangdong Province in
        China near the Vietnamese border. Her father died days after she
        was born and her mother left her with her paternal grandparents
        when Shuimei was three. Shuimei describes her education and
        early teaching career, her coming of age during the Japanese inva-
        sion and occupation, and her work with resistance youth move-
        ments. She married at the end of the occupation when the coun-
        try was in a period of upheaval and confusion. She believed that
        she had no other options. Her husband had had previous mar-
        riages and she found out too late about his and his family's true
        natures.    She and her husband went to live in Vietnam, where she
        set up her own sewing business. She writes of enduring the abuse
        and beatings from her husband and his family while managing to
        run her business. After the Communists took over South Vietnam
        in 1973, Song spent all of her money trying to escape with her chil-
        dren. There were several failed attempts and her children ended
        up in prison more than once. The family finally succeeded in leav-
        ing the country in 1980.     They went first to a refugee camp in
        Malaysia and then immigrated to the United States, settling in
        Brooklyn, New York. Shuimei's children graduated from high
        school and several graduated from college. They found husbands
        and wives and moved away. Shuimei has been ill most of the time
        since arriving in the United States and unable to work. She has
        felt abandoned as, one by one, her children have left to lead their
        own lives, rarely visiting her even when she has been sick in the
        hospital. She is proud of what she has accomplished for them, but
        wonders what her reward will be for all of her sacrifices.

568. Sosa, Sammy. Sosa: An Autobiography. Written with Marcos
     Bretén. Warner Books, 2000. 209 pages. ISBN: 0446527351 :
     0446676985.
        Abstract: Sammy Sosa charts the path of his baseball career, from
        the age of thirteen, when he first owned a baseball glove to his
        1999 season with the Chicago Cubs. Sosa was born in Consuelo,
        Dominican Republic.      His father died when Sosa was six, leaving
        his mother to raise six children on her own. Sosa describes the
        hardships of his childhood, noting that his own conditions of
        poverty and hunger were shared by many of the children growing
        up in his country. When he was thirteen, he and his family moved
        to San Pedro. There Sosa went to work at a shoe factory owned by
                            The Bibliography                              419


         Bill Chase. Sosa writes that he and his brothers looked to Chase as
         a father figure and would ask him for help when they needed it.
         Most Dominican boys grew up playing baseball, but Sosa had no
        real interest in it until Chase gave him his first glove. Sosa's older
        brother, Luis, played semipro ball and got Sammy onto his team.
        At the age of fifteen, Sosa was signed by the Philadelphia Phillies
        and began training at their Dominican camp. He was dropped
        from the roster the next year, but picked up by the Texas Rangers.
        He spent his first year on one of the Rangers’ minor league teams,
        eventually making his way through the ranks to the major
        leagues. Over the next several seasons, Sosa was traded to the
        Chicago White Sox and then to the Chicago Cubs, where he
        stayed.     Sosa's career was not without its bumps, but he went on
        to have a series of successful years and became the Cub's team
        leader. In 1998, Sosa was engaged in a homerun race with Mark
        McGwire of the St. Louis Cardinals. Both broke the record held by
        Roger Maris, but McGwire finished the year four homeruns ahead
        of Sosa.

569. Souljah, Sister.     No Disrespect.   New    York, New     York: Times
     Books, 1994. 360 pages. ISBN: 0812924835.
        Notes: Paperback published New York: Vintage Books, 1996.
        ISBN: 0679767088.
        Abstract:    Singer Sister Souljah (born Lisa Williamson) was born in
        the Bronx and lived with her mother and father and three siblings.
        They were a happy and stable family until Souljah's father was
        diagnosed with epilepsy and lost his truck driving job. At that
        point, the family began to disintegrate. Her mother took the chil-
        dren and moved to the projects. Life was difficult there, but
        Souljah paid attention to her mother's warnings about drugs and
        pregnancy and did her best to keep to her books despite the social
        damage this did to her reputation. She received many academic
        awards and found opportunities to take part in extended educa-
        tional activities. In her book, Souljah tells about her relationships
        with men, all of which ended unhappily. She provides these as
        examples of how difficult relationships are between men and
        women in general, but particularly for couples living in conditions
        of poverty, few economic options, and little to look forward to.
        Souljah graduated from Rutgers University and worked with Rev.
        Benjamin F. Chavis at the Commission for Racial Justice.      She set
        up a summer camp for homeless children in concert with the
        United Church of Christ. In 1992 she released a successful rap
        recording: 360 Degrees of Power.
420        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



570. Sowell, Thomas. “A Personal Odyssey.         New York, New York:
      Free Press, 2000. 308 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0684864649.
        Notes: Published in paperback New York: Simon & Schuster
        Touchstone Edition, 2002. ISBN: 0684864657.
        Abstract: Scholar and academician Thomas Sowell was adopted
        by his aunt as an infant. He enjoyed his childhood in New York
        until his adopted parents separated. His broken family was unit-
        ed in their intent that Sowell should have better opportunities
        than they had had, but his home life became too disruptive.
        Sowell did well academically, but he dropped out of school as
        soon as possible after he turned sixteen. After a long struggle with
        his adopted mother and the court system, he also left home.
        Sowell periodically patched things up with his New York family,
        but they were never close again. In the meantime he was able to
         contact his birth siblings, all of whom were in Washington, D.C.
         Sowell joined the Marine Corps during the Korean War, but he
         was not one to conform nor to follow arbitrarily applied rules, and
         he frequently found himself in trouble with military authorities.
         He took his first chance to get out of the military and begin col-
         lege. Sowell attended Howard University and then Harvard, from
         which he graduated magna cum laude. Sowell was interested in
         economics and did graduate work at Columbia University and the
         University of Chicago, studying with Milton Friedman, Arthur F.
         Burns, and George J. Stigler. He pursued an academic career, but
         found that his teaching methods, which tended to reach the
         brightest students and leave behind those less prepared, were
         unappreciated by both students and faculty. He was also at odds
         with affirmative action policies as it affected student admissions
         and faculty hiring. Sowell was most happy teaching at UCLA and
         at Brandeis University. He conducted research for the Urban
         Institute and was appointed a Senior Fellow at the Hoover
         Institute. Sowell has written prolifically on economics and race
         and ethnicity.

571. Sperling, Vatsala and Ehud Sperling. A Marriage Made in
     Heaven: A Love Story in Letters. Berkeley, California: Ten Speed
     Press, 2000. 276 pages; photographs. ISBN: 1580081827.
         Abstract: Vatsala Sperling, the youngest child in a Tamil Brahmin
         family, was born in 1961 in Jamshedpur, Bihar, in North India. A
         clinical biologist at Childs Trust Hospital, she had a B.A. and mas-
         ters degree in microbiology from Nagpur University and a Ph.D.
         from the University of Delhi. In 1995, she was actively investigat-
         ing the matrimonial advertisements in search of the perfect hus-
                          The Bibliography                                 421


        band, when she read one sent in by Ehud Sperling, a Jewish-
        American man and the head of the Vermont publishing company,
        Inner Traditions. She wrote first to his Indian go-between and
        then corresponded directly with him. This was the beginning of a
        letter-writing courtship that lasted nearly six months. Both parties
        were clear about what kind of person they were looking for and
        what they wanted from marriage, and by the time they finally met
        face-to-face, both fully intended to marry the other. Vatsala
        Sperling charts the course of their correspondence, their first meet-
        ing, how they planned the wedding, and their marriage in
        February 1996. Vatsala's last letter is to her mother, describing her
        first days in a wintry, rural Vermont and her belief that she and her
        husband are completely compatible.

572. Starr, Robert E. If I Could, You Can Too. Fort Worth, Texas: Total
     Security, 2000. 116 pages; photographs. ISBN: none.
        Abstract:   Starr's mother and father moved to Fort Worth, Texas,
        from rural Texas to take advantage of jobs in the meat-packing
        industry. Most African Americans moving to Fort Worth lived in
        the neighborhood known as Quality Grove. Starr describes the
        community, its churches, recreational activities, local schools, and
        businesses. During World War II, Starr was a member of the med-
        ical corps in Europe. Although this was not a happy time for him,
        he benefited later from the G.I. Bill, which helped him to earn two
        academic degrees, and from the Veteran Loan Program, which
        helped him get started as a businessman. Starr graduated from
        Texas College in Tyler and earned a master's degree in elementary
        education from Texas Southern University. He earned an addi-
        tional certificate from the University of Southern California and
        attended seminars related to civil rights law and business at the
        University of Oklahoma and Harvard University. Starr and his
        brother-in-law   started   the Expert   Cleaners,   a major   African-
        American-owned business in the Fort Worth area. Starr was
        involved in the NAACP for over thirty years. Active at the local
        and national levels, he served for twelve years on the national
        board of directors. He volunteered as a fund raiser for Texas
       College and made it a member of the United Negro College Fund.
       He was a board member of the Sickle Cell Anemia Association of
       Texas and the Minority Leadership Luncheon, a youth director for
       the McDonald YMCA, an equal opportunity specialist for the
       Federal Aviation Administration, director of affirmative action for
       the City of Fort Worth, and the executive director of the City of
       Fort Worth's Human Relations Commission.             He has been
       employed by the Equal Opportunity Commission, and in retire-
422       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


        ment has been a legal aid volunteer and a member of the board of
        the Texas Commission on Human Rights. He believes success is
        possible if you try to make something good out of every bad situ-
        ation. Throughout his life, he has relied on what he calls the four
        P's: prayer, preparation, persistence, and patience.

573. Stepto, Robert B. Blue As the Lake: A Personal Geography.
     Boston, Massachusetts: Beacon Press, 1998. 209 pages. ISBN:
     080700944x : 0807009458.
        Abstract:    Writer and professor Robert B. Stepto writes about his
        family, dividing the book into three sections. The first describes
        the three places where he spent most of his life as a child. One was
        Idlewild, a resort area in Michigan populated in the summer by
        many middle-class black families.            The second was the
        Washington Park area of Chicago, where he and his family lived
        with his grandparents. The third place was the Woodlawn neigh-
        borhood of Chicago, where his family moved as they became more
        well-to-do. The second section of the book is a history of both
        sides of his family. It includes some of the events that have always
        been of interest to the author, such as how his grandfather met his
        grandmother, and how an aunt married a white man. The final
        section is about Stepto's own upbringing, his relationship to his
        mother, and his feelings about the city of Chicago after her death.
        He also writes about how he has accepted Martha's Vineyard as a
        latter-day Idlewild and about the changes in the types of people
        who frequent the island.

574. Stevenson,      Lemmon.       Three    Mountaintops:    An    Educators
      Adventure through Destiny. Edgewood, Maryland: Duncan &
      Duncan, 1997. 178 pages; photographs. ISBN: 1878647431.
        Abstract:     Lemmon    Stevenson   was   born   on May   27, 1928, in
        Fairfield County, South Carolina. His mother died when he was
        only five months old, and he was adopted by his mother's best
        friend, Miss Ella Stewart,    while his four siblings stayed with
        Stevenson's father.    Stevenson's adoptive mother lived with her
        mother, seven siblings, and six nieces and nephews on a 269-acre
        cotton farm. The family was impoverished and had had no formal
        education.    However, Stevenson writes that Miss Stewart was bril-
        liant and had taught herself to read. The family possessed "many
        noneconomic virtues" (p. 17), including self-sufficiency, generosi-
        ty, respect, tolerance, and support for all. His adoptive family
        encouraged Stevenson to go to school. They allowed him to work ~
        off the farm and keep the money he earned. It was difficult for
                           The Bibliography                                423


        African-American children to attend school in South Carolina.
        School was available to them only through the sixth grade, and
        most were only able to attend six months out of the year because
        of fieldwork. Although the teachers were often poorly educated
        themselves, Stevenson writes that "the teachers helped us feel
        worthy, as human beings, and made us work hard on the difficult
        tasks of learning to read, count, write, and think" (p. 22). After fin-
        ishing sixth grade, Stevenson attended the Fairfield County
        Training School and, after major setbacks, was able to find work
        that allowed him to attend South Carolina State College, and even-
        tually earn a master's degree. Although Stevenson had felt unpre-
        pared for his advanced studies, his instructors encouraged him,
        saying, "You are at South Carolina State College now, and we have
        nothing in the world more important to do than to see to it that
        you get all the help, assistance, and assurance you will ever need
        for success. Helping students is our job and we are good at it" (pp.
        43-44). Stevenson's years of education were followed by military
        service, working as a barber, teaching, and finally, a nationally rec-
        ognized career as a principal. He pioneered experimental non-
        graded education programs in South Carolina and Pennsylvania,
        and administered desegregation programs in Pennsylvania. He
        worked tirelessly and was even criticized for doing more than he
        was paid to do. Stevenson's response was that his only goal was
        to educate children, and he would do what he had to to accom-
        plish that goal.

575. Stimpson, Eddie (1929- ). My Remembers: A Black Sharecropper’s
     Recollections of the Depression. Introduction by James W. Byrd.
     Foreword by Frances Wells. _ Illustrated by Burnice
    Breckenridge.     Denton, Texas: University of North Texas Press,
    1996. 167 pages; illustrations; photographs; index.                 ISBN:
    092939898x.
       Notes: Published in paperback in 1999. ISBN: 1574410679.
       Abstract:    Eddie Stimpson was born in 1929, a fifteen-and-a-half
       pound baby, to his fifteen-year-old mother, Millie, and nineteen-
       year-old father, Eddie Sr. He was the first of their three children
       born in Collin County, Texas, near the city of Plano, where his
       father farmed twelve acres in a sharecropping arrangement.
       Stimpson describes his parents as loving, hardworking, and good
       providers. His childhood years during the Depression were the
       best years of his life. Stimpson describes his daily responsibilities,
       which included the household chores of cleaning, washing
       clothes, and cooking and fieldwork and caring for the animals.
424       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        The entire family worked out in the cotton fields. He describes
        play time, church activities, the local Juneteenth celebration, and
        the dust storms that plagued the area during the spring and early
        winter months. Stimpson recalls that although they were poor,
        they never wanted for food while they lived on the farm. During
        the Depression many people suffered from "missed meal cramps,"
        but they could always find a meal at the Stimpson household.
        Stimpson recalls that the many travelers passing through would
        be welcomed to stop in for a cool drink or a meal or to spend the
        night. Once fifteen white people arrived at their house after their
        bus had tipped over. All were accommodated. Stimpson spent
        twenty-one years in the army, joining as soon as he graduated
        from high school. He writes that he entered the army as a farm-
        hand and, twenty-one years later, he left the army as a sergeant
        and returned to working as a farmhand. Stimpson believes it is
        important for people to know their family history, to know what
        their parents and grandparents did to survive and prosper:
                    Even my kid don't believe I had to wash and iron
                    for house rent while growing up, or chop cotton
                    with blister in hand or pick cotton until you can't
                    stand up and knees so sore you could not crawl
                    on them.   I don't want to go back, but I don't
                    want to forget where I come from. ...      I would
                    like to think that some day some body would
                    ask Where is that book that a no body wrote?
                    And some body will say Look on the book shelf
                    and find My Remembers.           (pp. 153-154)

576. Strawberry, Charisse and Darryl Strawberry. Recovering Life.
     Foreword by Derek Jeter. North Farmington, Pennsylvania:
      Plough Publishing House, 1999.              141 pages; photographs.
      ISBN: 0874869889.
        Abstract:     Darryl and Charisse Strawberry write about Darryl's
        fight with drug and alcohol addiction and his diagnosis and
        recovery from colon cancer. Shortly after the birth of their first
        child, Darryl acknowledged his drug and alcohol addiction and
        checked into the Betty Ford Clinic. Charisse writes that the clinic
        was important in teaching her what her role and responsibilities
        were in the recovery process. Strawberry left the Giants for the
        Yankees and after one year was released. He was then offered a
        position on the St. Paul Saints, an independent team with the
        Northern League.     At first, Daryl refused to go to such an
        unknown team, but resigned himself to it when no other offers
                          The Bibliography                               425


       surfaced. Charisse and Darryl enjoyed their time in St. Paul and
       received strong support from the Saints’ fans. They were, howev-
       er, excited to return to the Yankees when the chance came. It was
       during Darryl's successful 1998 comeback that he was diagnosed
       with colon cancer. The Strawberrys describe the surgery, recovery,
       and setbacks. Back playing with the team, Darryl once again had
       to fight insecurity and uncertainty about his future and returned
       to his addictions. Through the support of friends and _their
       Christian faith, Darryl and Charisse face the future with optimism.

577. Sullivan, Leon Howard          (1922-2001).    Moving Mountains: The
    Principles     and   Purposes    of Leon   Sullivan.     Valley   Forge,
    Pennsylvania: Judson Press, 1998.              300 pages; photographs;
    index. ISBN: 0817012893.
       Abstract:    Born and raised in a coal-mining town in West Virginia,
       Leon Sullivan was discovered as a teenager by Adam Clayton
      Powell, Jr. He spent two years with Powell at the Abyssinian
      Baptist Church in Harlem before accepting a call to a church in
      South Orange, New Jersey. While in New Jersey, he attended
      Union Theological Seminary and Columbia University. It was also
      in New Jersey that Sullivan began his experimentation with com-
      munity projects. From New Jersey, Sullivan moved to Zion Baptist
      Church in Philadelphia. There he began a "selective patronage"
      movement in which visitation committees would call on targeted
      companies to let them know about needs in the black community.
      If, after a certain amount of time, the company still refused to offer
      equal employment opportunities, a boycott would be called.
      Sullivan was aware of the economic power African Americans
      wielded as consumers, and used this system with great success.
      Sullivan also started the Opportunities Industrialization Centers
      (OIC), a project which provided extensive job training. To date,
      over one million youth have been trained, and OICs are located
      throughout the United States and around the world.              Next,
      Sullivan began the 10-36 program, which encouraged church
      members to invest ten dollars a month for three years to support
      the development of African-American enterprises and businesses.
      Over four thousand individuals participated, and the end results
      were apartment complexes, shopping malls, and employment
      training centers. Sullivan's high profile in the business communi-
      ty led to his appointment to the General Motors Board of Directors
      in 1971, a position that gave him the opportunity to use his influ-
      ence to even greater advantage both domestically and internation-
      ally. In 1975, Sullivan visited South Africa and left determined to
      help end apartheid. He developed the Sullivan Principles, which
426        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         had among their goals improved conditions of employment, the
         right to vote, the dismantling of apartheid, and the freeing of
         Nelson Mandela. Sullivan provides excerpts from and transcripts
         of his speeches and sermons promoting these principles, he out-
         lines the history of U.S. corporate participation, and he describes
         the ultimate triumph of the principles in reaching their goals.
         Following the crumbling of the apartheid system in South Africa
         and the election of Nelson Mandela as its first black president,
         Sullivan shifted his ideas to address global issues and adapted his
         principles accordingly. Specifically interested in the condition of
         Sub-Saharan Africa, Sullivan has attacked the issue of debt relief,
         investment, education, health, and job training in this part of the
         world. To this end he founded the International Foundation for
         Education and Self-Help (IFESH), and has organized the African
         African-American Conferences, at least five of which have been
         held. While working globally, Sullivan continued to develop pro-
         grams to empower African Americans economically. One such
         domestic program is the Self-Help Investment Program (SHIP),
         which encourages individuals to buy stock in corporate America
         and also to invest in the development of African-American-owned
         businesses. Sullivan focused on self-help, self-esteem, and self-
         sufficiency. He believed in working constructively with the busi-
         ness world: "Today, corporations have an opportunity to be forces
         for peace. More than any other institutions, businesses have the
         power to influence economic realities" (p. 111).

578. Sweeting, Ora Mobley (1927- ). Nobody Gave Me Permission:
      Memoirs of a Harlem Activist. Written with Ezekial C. Mobley, Jr.
      Introduction by Ruby Reeves. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania:
      Xlibris, 2000. 76 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0738808849 :
      0738808857.
         Abstract:   Ora Sweeting was born in 1927 in Greensboro, North
         Carolina. She remembers being puzzled by the segregation and
         Jim Crow laws that separated the African Americans from the
         white members of her community. In seventh grade, when she
         asked why they were not taught anything about black people in
         history, her embarrassed teacher called her a "smart aleck" (p. 21)
         and kept Sweeting from competing in the seventh grade academ-
         ic contests. Sweeting's family could afford to send only her twin
         brother to college, but one of her teachers arranged for her to
         receive a scholarship to Barber-Scotia College. After completing
         two years there, Sweeting transferred to Johnson C. Smith             —
         University in North Carolina. After graduating, she married
         Ezekial Mobley. Sweeting moved to New York after her marriage
                          The Bibliography                                427


        and worked for the Department of Welfare as a social investigator.
        She became politically active in her community when she found
        out her son would be attending first grade in a dilapidated and
        dangerous school building. Sweeting worked through various
        channels to have a new building constructed. She joined the New
        Era Democratic Club of Harlem and formed the Central Harlem
        Mothers Association through which she lobbied to rename the
        streets, buildings, and schools of Harlem after notable African
        Americans. As an elected member of the school board for District
        5, she began the Duke Ellington-Rafael Hernandez Music Festival
        and was responsible for many other programs and events that
        helped to motivate and encourage Harlem children to succeed in
        school. Besides Sweeting's narrative, an appendix includes a brief
        narrative by her first husband which records his experience as an
        African-American soldier in France during World War II.

579. Tagle, Lillian Lorca de. Honorable Exiles: A Chilean Woman in the
     Twentieth Century. Edited by Joy Billington and Chris Lucas.
     Austin, Texas: University of Texas Press, 2000. 214 pages; pho-
     tographs; drawings. ISBN: 0292716060 : 0292716095.
        Abstract: Lillian Lorca de Tagle was born in 1914 into two aristo-
        cratic families in Chile: the Lorcas and the Bunsters. The Lorcas
        arrived in Chile from Spain in the seventeenth century and the
        Bunsters from England in the nineteenth century. Tagle's earliest
        years were spent in San Francisco, and her father's work as an
        ambassador   also took them to London,      Belgium, and Germany.
        She returned periodically to Chile to live and to visit. As an adult,
        she became a reporter and correspondent in her home country and
        married there. In 1952, a widow with two young children, Tagle
        was ordered by her mercurial mother to leave the country. No
        questions were asked, and Tagle vowed never to return.       She left
        for the United States, where her career has included an editorship
        at Americas magazine and twenty-five years at Voice of America.
        Tagle describes the high and low points of her career and her
        friendships and relationships. About her exile to the United
       States, Tagle writes,
                 And as a cast out, what did I do with my life? I
                 focused on my children and myself. I knew, yet
                 I refused to dwell on the fact, that banishment
                 had a traumatic effect on both my daughters.
                 Their solutions of choice were quite opposite.
                 While Ximena never has overcome her nostalgia
                 for Chile, Rosa cut the ties and created her own
428        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



                    American self.   And I hover between the two,
                    knowing what I left behind with small regrets
                    and loving what I have found in my American
                    life.                                    (p. 211)
580. Tahira, Chieko. Lotus. Pleasant Hill, California: Gerald Tahira,
      1996. 392 pages; photographs. ISBN: none.
        Abstract: Tahira begins her story with the emigration of her father
        from Japan during the first years of the twentieth century. By 1912
        he had saved enough money to arrange for Tahira's mother to
        come to the United States to be his wife. Together they farmed and
        ran a boarding house for Japanese "blanket rollers," or migrant
        workers. During the Depression, Tahira's parents and four of her
        siblings returned to Japan.    She married and remained in
        California, raising tomatoes and strawberries with her husband.
        They had two small children by the time Japan bombed Pearl
        Harbor and the orders arrived to evacuate all Japanese, both resi-
        dent aliens and U.S. citizens, from the West Coast.           Tahira
        describes in detail her feelings of disbelief and horror as the U.S.
        government and her white neighbors all assumed that she, her
        family, and all Japanese Americans in the community were guilty
        of disloyalty. She writes about the evacuation and the many
        details involved in closing up their house and leaving their farm.
        When they arrived at the Turlock Assembly Center, they were
        relieved to find that families were kept together, and all of the
        inmates quickly worked to create a livable environment from the
        dirt and desolation. Just as their gardens were beginning to
        bloom, most of the Turlock inmates were sent to the Gila River
         Relocation Center in Rivers, Arizona. Forced to begin again, the
         Gila River inmates made gardens, established classes, and created
         and ran a productive farming operation. Tahira mentions some of
         the positive aspects of camp life. The many homeless migrant
         workers who lived hand to mouth in the outside world could, for
         the first time in their lives, count on regular meals and a place to
         call home, and trained professionals who had no outlet for their
         skills in society, were now in demand among camp inmates and
         administrators. A unified and harmonious camp life was disrupt-
         ed when camp inmates were forced to answer the infamous ques-
         tions No. 27 (willingness to serve in combat) and No. 28 (swearing
         allegiance to the United States). Tahira answered "yes, yes,"
         although she resented being asked. Her husband answered "no,
         no," and      the family was   consequently   sent to the Tule Lake
         Segregation Center for "disloyal" Japanese Americans. Life at Tule
         Lake was much more like a prison camp, with riots and martial
                         The Bibliography                                429


        law. As the war ended, the Tahiras were faced with losing their
        US. citizenship, but were rescued by a defense committee which
        operated on behalf of those who were coerced or forcefully per-
        suaded into making the decision. Tahira ends her story as the
        family relocates back to Contra Costa County, California. They
        could not return to their home or their farm, but had to start afresh
        with only their sugar ration tickets and twenty-five dollars given
        to them by the U.S. government as they left Tule Lake.

581. Takabuki, Matsuo (1923- ). An Unlikely Revolutionary: Matsuo
     Takabuki and the Making of Modern Hawaii: A Memoir. Assisted
     by Dennis M. Ogawa with Glen Grant and Wilma Sur.
     Extraordinary Lives. Honolulu, Hawai'i: University of Hawai'i
     Press, 1998. 237 pages; index; photographs. ISBN: 0824820835
     : 0824820231.
       Abstract:   Nisei Takabuki grew up on a sugar plantation.         His
       mother   valued   education and prevailed over Takabuki's      father,
       who wanted the children to quit school as soon as they were old
       enough to work. Working during the summers of his high school
       years, Takabuki earned seventeen cents from his first full day's
       work and seventeen dollars for his first fifteen days. After he
       graduated from high school in 1940, Takabuki went on to the
       University of Hawai'i Teachers College. Teaching was the chosen
       profession of many Nisei because it was an affordable education-
       al program and other professions were open only to whites.
       Takabuki quit school and volunteered for military service after the
       bombing of Pearl Harbor. He and his fellow Nisei were anxious to
       show their loyalty to Hawai'i and to the United States. He credits
       Japanese values and the Japanese language school for the com-
       mitment and valor of Japanese-American units fighting in Europe.
       He and his fellow Nisei returned to Hawai'i after the war realizing
       that they could no longer accept their second-class citizen status,
       and they were ready to initiate change within Hawaiian society.
       Takabuki worked with land investment and promoted the tourist
       industry. In all of his business dealings, his decisions were based
       ona philosophy of fairness and equitable treatment. Despite this,
       Takabuki was a controversial figure, both because of his Japanese
       background and because he was a successful entrepreneur. His
       appointment as a trustee to the all-white and Chinese board of the
       Bishop Estate, which managed the vast land holdings that funded
       the Kamehameha      private schools for Native Hawai'ian children,
       was very unpopular, and he and his family received death threats.
       During his term of service, it became evident, however, that he did
       indeed act in the best interest of the schools and of the children
430       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        that the schools were established to benefit. Working within the
        system,     Takabuki   was   ever   aware   of the continuing   division
        between white and nonwhite in Hawai'i. He writes that he was
        "driven by a sense of insecurity and gnawing anger" (p. 191)
        derived from the conditions of poverty and the discriminatory
        nature of the Hawai'ian society of his youth. He believes, howev-
        er, that Hawai'i can make an important contribution to the main-
        land and the world by "enhancing an awareness of, and apprecia-
        tion for cultural pluralism" (p. 172). Takabuki closes his memoir
        with his assessment of the problems of and prospects for Hawaii's
        economic future.

582. Tallchief, Maria. Maria Tallchief: America’s Prima Ballerina.
     Written with Larry Kaplan. New York, New York: Henry Holt
      and Company, 1997.         351 pages; photographs; index.          ISBN:
      0805033025.
        Abstract:    Ballerina Maria Tallchief was born on the Osage reser-
        vation in Fairfax, Oklahoma in 1925.        Her father was a full Osage
        Indian and her mother was Scotch Irish. The family was wealthy
        thanks to the discovery of oil on Osage land. Tallchief provides a
        brief history of the Osage Indians in Oklahoma and of her family
        life during childhood. The family spent their summers in the cool-
        er climate of Colorado Springs, and it was there, at the Broadmoor
        Hotel, that Maria and her sister Marjorie began dance lessons.
        When the family moved to California, their futures in dance began
        to take shape as they studied at the school of Bronislava Nijinska,
        where Tallchief was a favorite of the famous teacher. Following
        graduation from high school, Tallchief left for New York, where
        she immediately was taken on as an apprentice with the Ballet
        Russe. Her apprenticeship quickly turned into a regular position
        in the corps de ballet. Soon Tallchief became a soloist. In 1946 she
        married choreographer George Balanchine, and for the next six
        years, she danced for and studied under him. She credits her hus-
        band with her development into the premier American ballerina.
        Tallchief describes the many dances choreographed by
        Balanchine, her roles in those dances, and touring with the New
        York City Ballet, Ballet Russe, and Ballet Theatre. Tallchief danced
        for television productions, starred in the film The Million Dollar
        Mermaid with Esther Williams, and received numerous awards
        and recognitions, including the Washington Press Club's Woman
        of the Year plaque for 1953. Her professional connections with
        Balanchine remained close following their divorce, and he contin-
        ued to choreograph ballets for her. Tallchief talks about her sec-
        ond and third marriages, her attachment to dancer Rudolf
                         The Bibliography                               431


       Nureyev, her various partners, her work with the Chicago Lyric
       Opera, and her final years of dancing.

583. Tamizin, Zena M. Zenidah of Many Colors.         [S.1.]: Xlibris, 2000.
    344 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0738831808.
       Abstract: Zena Tamizin is a clothing designer by profession and a
       spiritualist by avocation.      She believes in multiple lives and
       Karma. In her book she focuses on her relationships with the three
       great loves of her life, baseball player Bo Belinsky, Man (Manuel),
       and L. B. She describes the volatile nature of her relationships, as
       well as her first marriage. Tamizin left the Philippines with her
       first husband, who was in the U.S. Army. She and her family spent
       two years in Spain, and then moved to the United States, where
       she got a divorce. Her ex-husband subsequently ran off with their
       two daughters, and it was years before the girls were reunited
       with their mother. Tamizin lived and worked throughout the
       South, but settled in the Los Angeles area. She describes her spir-
       itual life and beliefs and her motivation for writing her life story.

584. Tate, Kimberly Cash. More Christian Than African-American:
     One Woman's Journey to Her True Spiritual Self. Emmaus,
     Pennsylvania: Daybreak Books, 1999.    197 pages.    ISBN:
     0875965482.
       Abstract: Kimberly Tate describes her interests and priorities as a
       high school student, as a college student at the University of
       Maryland, and as a law student at George Washington University.
       While in her second year of law school, Tate developed a close
       relationship with Bill, a Ph.D. student. When Bill was offered a
       position at the University of Wisconsin at Madison, Kim had to
       decide whether to go with him to the predominantly white area or
       stay in Washington, D.C., which was more familiar to her.       Tate
       found work in Madison and moved there, but was anxious to
       leave. Her life changed when she and Bill became involved at St.
       Paul A.M.E. Church. Besides providing them with an African-
       American community, they found the pastor to be sincere,
       straightforward, and honest. Their Christian faith became a pri-
       ority for them. Tate writes of her changing sense of how to live her
       life and what it means for her to trust in God's will. She provides
       examples of making major life decisions according to her newly
       revived faith. Tate describes her fascination with the music busi-
       ness, her ties with rhythm and blues artists Popeye and Stokley,
       and her own gospel-oriented singing and song writing.
432        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



585. Tate, Sonsyrea. Little X: Growing Up in the Nation of Islam. San
     Francisco, California: HarperSanFrancisco, 1997. 230 pages.
     ISBN: 0062511343 : 0062511351.
        Abstract: Sonsyrea Tate's paternal grandparents converted from
        Christianity to the Nation of Islam because of its empowering
        message to black Americans. They appreciated the clearly defined
        gender roles and delineated rules for living, and they raised their
        children in strict accord with the rules as taught and enforced by
        their temple. Tate's father eventually moved away from the faith,
        but her mother converted so that the children could attend the
        Muslim schools. Tate describes her experiences at the University
        of Islam in Washington, D.C. from the time she was three until she
        completed the sixth grade at age ten. The students were expected
        to work hard and excel. They learned about Islam and the teach-
        ings of Elijah Muhammed as well as regular school subjects. They
        also followed a strict dress code. Through her education at the
        University of Islam, Tate developed strong self-esteem as a young
        African-American woman. She writes that children in the Nation
        of Islam were taught to believe that they were little gods and god-
        desses. The school closed during Tate's sixth grade year, but even
        as she struggled with being a Muslim child in a secular public
        school system, her strong academic background and her sense of
        pride stayed with her. As Tate grew dissatisfied with the limited
        expectations for women within the Nation of Islam, her mother
        began to chafe against the rigid rules and discipline, shifting from
        the Nation of Islam to Orthodox Islam. The children were expect-
        ed to convert as well and were told that much of what they had
        originally been taught was incorrect. Tate was dissatisfied with
        both manifestations of Islam and tired of standing out among her
        school peers. She also had a growing disillusionment with her
        adult role models and what she viewed as their hypocrisy. She
        saw her own family begin to splinter despite the enforcement of
        Islamic customs and rituals. Tate writes about the death of Elijah
        Muhammed and the changes to the Nation of Islam brought about
        by his son. She welcomed his move away from separatism and the
        encouragement of interfaith dialog. Tate attended the University
        of the District of Columbia to study journalism, and she has writ-
        ten for the Washington Post, the Chicago Tribune, and the Virginian-
        Pilot.
                            The Bibliography                                     433


586. Tateishi, John (1939- ). And Justice for All: An Oral History of the
     Japanese American Detention Camps.       Foreword by Roger
     Daniels. Seattle, Washington: University of Washington Press,
     1999. 262 pages; photographs. ISBN: 029597785x.
        Notes: Originally published New York: Random House, 1984.
        ISBN: 0394539826.
        Abstract: Tateishi's aim in compiling these oral histories was not
        to produce a definitive history of the evacuation and internment
        of Japanese Americans from the West Coast during World War II,
        but to present in "human and personal terms the experience of the
        only group of American citizens ever to be confined in concentra-
        tion camps in the United States" (p. vii). Individuals interviewed
        spent time in one or more of the ten camps spread throughout the
        United States: Manzanar and Tule Lake in California; Poston and
        Gila River in Arizona; Minidoka in Idaho; Topaz in Utah; Heart
        Mountain in Wyoming; Amache in Colorado; and Jerome and
        Rohwer in Arkansas.       Over half of the 120,000 Americans of
        Japanese ancestry were United States citizens. The rest were first-
        generation resident aliens who by U.S. law were prohibited from
        becoming naturalized citizens.        Almost all of the Japanese
        Americans lost everything they owned, including property,
        belongings, businesses, careers, not to mention interrupted educa-
        tions. Each of the thirty internees presented here believed that the
        United States was their country and that their rights would be pro-
        tected by "Uncle Sam." Many had family in Japan and were con-
        fused by the Japanese attack and uncertain as to what it might
        mean for them. Bitterness and outrage were common feelings
        when confronted by the notorious "loyalty questions" 27 and 28
        which demanded that internees declare their loyalty to the United
        States and renounce Japan. Families were divided, faced with
        forced   repatriation,    and    decisions    as to whether    they should
        renounce their U.S. citizenship. Most of the individuals inter-
        viewed here have come            to terms with the event of evacuation,
        although bitterness, anger, and feelings of betrayal remain a part
        of their memories. Many also believe that they and their children
        should remain vigilant in case the same thing should happen
        again,   if not    to    them,    then   to   some   other   ethnic   group.
        Contributors are

            Mary Tsukamoto, Eddie Sakamoto, William Hosokawa, Yuri
            Tateishi, Haruko Niwa, Donald Nakahata, Helen Murao, Paul
            Shinoda, Mitsuye Endo, Minoru Yasui, Tom Watanabe, Mio
            Senzaki, Mabel Ota, Morgan Yamanaka, John Kanda, Violet
            de Cristoforo, Iwato Itow, Emi Somekawa, Raymond Katagi,
434            Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



                Shig Doi, Jack Tono, Tom      Kawaguchi,        Henry Ueno,    Fred
                Fujikawa,   Theresa   Takayoshi,      Yoshiye    Togasaki,    Frank
                Chuman, Chiye Tomihiro, Ben Takeshita, Wilson Makabe.

587. Taulbert, Clifton L. Eight Habits of the Heart: The Timeless Values
     That Build Strong Communities—Within Our Homes and Our
      Lives.    New York, New York: Viking/Dial Books, 1997.                    123
      pages. ISBN: 0670875457.
         Notes:    Also published       New   York:     Penguin,    1999.     ISBN:
         0140266763.
         Abstract: Taulbert looks back on his childhood and youth grow-
         ing up in a loving family in the closely knit black community of
         Glen Allan, Mississippi, where everyone looked out for the well-
         being of one another. Taulbert provides examples to demonstrate
         the nurturing and guidance provided to him by the people he
         knew there. The titles of the seven chapters indicate the values
         Taulbert wishes to illustrate: "Nurturing Attitude,” "Dependability
          and     Responsibility,"    "Friendship,"      "Brotherhood,"       "High
          Expectations," "Courage," and "Hope."          Taulbert speaks profes-
         sionally on these concepts, calling them the eight habits of the
         heart. He writes that "human rights have a prominent place where
         the Habits are practiced." Taulbert grew up "shadowed by the
         menace called racism, but this menace was unable to keep my eld-
          ers from exercising their responsibility to build a world for me.
          Had they not valued the Habits of the Heart and nurtured the tiny
          sapling of hope in me, I would not be here lecturing today" (p. 99).
          Taulbert concludes his book with an explanation of a series of
          activities designed to help groups practice the eight habits, and to
          work toward the building of community.

588. —. Watching Our Crops Come In. New York, New York: Viking,
      1997. 157 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0670859524.
         Notes:    Also published New York: Penguin Books, 1998.              ISBN:
          0140244344.
         Abstract:    Taulbert's first two books, Once upon a Time When We
          Were Colored (1989) and The Last Train North (1992), document his
          childhood and his move to St. Louis. Crops covers his service in
          the United States Air Force as a member of the 89th Presidential
          Wing at Andrews Air Force Base. Taulbert joined the air force in
          1964 hoping to avoid serving in Vietnam. His wish was granted
          when he was assigned to the special division in Washington, D.C.
          Taulbert arrived at his new post as riots were breaking out in the
                          The Bibliography                              435



        nation's capital and in other parts of the country. He writes that
        he was glued to the media and any information that he could
        glean of events in the South and the progress of the Civil Rights
        Movement.     On leave, Taulbert returned to his childhood home of
        Glen Allan, Mississippi. When he left the town at the age of sev-
        enteen, Glen Allan was a legally segregated community. Upon his
        return, he found that many things had changed, not the least of
        which was the involvement of the African-American community
        in the Civil Rights Movement. Taulbert was also surprised to note
        the visible presence of outside volunteers, both white and black,
        working with the local black citizens. Taulbert's mother was one
        of those who had found a new calling and new opportunities. She
        had quit domestic work to attend the University of Alabama to
        train to teach in the new Head Start program and had become
        director of the Yates Head Start Center.   Under her leadership, the
        center was flourishing and had received a visit from Marian
        Wright Edelman and Robert Kennedy. Taulbert left Mississippi
        anxious to contribute to the movement as well. He found himself
        drawn to the politics of Robert Kennedy and volunteered to work
        on his presidential campaign. Taulbert describes his intense grief
        at the assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr. and then at that of
        Robert Kennedy.    As the end of Taulbert's tour of duty drew near,
       he struggled with whether to re-enlist or choose some other occu-
       pation that would fulfill the expectations of his family and neigh-
       borhood. Taulbert ends his story with his decision to attend Oral
       Roberts University in Oklahoma.

589. TeCube, Leroy.     Year in Nam: A Native American Soldier's Story.
    Lincoln, Nebraska:      University of Nebraska       Press, 1999.   261
    pages; photographs. ISBN: 0803244347.
       Notes:   Published in paperback Lincoln: University of Nebraska
       Press Bison Books, 2000.   ISBN: 0803294433.

       Abstract: In this book, for which he won the 1996 North American
       Indian Prose Award, TeCube documents his year in Vietnam as an
       infantryman assigned to the Americal Division from January 1968
       to January 1969. TeCube, who was orphaned at a young age and
       raised by his extended family and tribe on a reservation, spent
       most of his youth out-of-doors. This upbringing was invaluable
       during the time he spent in "the field" in Vietnam, where he often
       volunteered to walk ahead of his company as point man. One
       advantage he felt he had when dealing with the Vietnamese was
       that he looked like them; he found it easier to strike up friendships
       in the villages his company passed through. TeCube describes in
436        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        detail the life of infantrymen, their daily routine, sleeping and eat-
        ing in the field, and dealing with the heat, bees and wasps, and
        rain. He also chronicles the many patrols, guard duties, and night-
        time ambushes that his company was involved in, and he tells
        about the casualties they suffered and those they inflicted. Early
        on in his tour, TeCube realized that the United States was fighting
        for a country that did not want its help. Discussing the aftermath
        of the massacres at My Lai in 1968, he says,
                 The finger is pointed at the grunts, but we were
                 merely pawns of the grand scheme of things.
                 The local villagers, top U.S. military brass, and
                 politicians back home had a major responsibility.
                 The grunts were dying in an effort to free the
                 country from Communist domination.              We
                 wanted the local villagers’ assistance in destroy-
                 ing the VC for them. Early on in the war we real-
                 ized this was never going to happen, but we
                 couldn't convince the top military brass and
                 politicians of this. During the first stages of the
                 war, during the critical time, no one listened to
                 the grunts. As a result the war escalated.
                                                               (p. 99)
        Despite his personal feelings, TeCube served with distinction, fin-
        ishing his tour as platoon leader with the rank of sergeant.       He
        concludes:
                 So, from the infantry standpoint, we all died.
                 None of us came back the same person he was
                 beforehand. We had gone through too much for
                 that to be possible. It was bad enough to see fel-
                 low soldiers get killed, but the hardships we
                 went through and the violent world we lived in
                 would forever change us.                     (p. 260)

590. Terrell, Mary Church (1863-1954). A Colored Woman in a White
     World. African American Women Writers, 1910-1940.       New
      York, New York: G. K. Hall and Company, 1996.               436 pages.
      ISBN: 0783814216.
        Notes:   Originally published Washington, D.C.: Ransdell, Inc.,
        1940.
                         The Bibliography                               437


591. Tham, Hilary. Lane with No Name: Memoirs and Poems of a
     Malaysian-Chinese Girlhood. Boulder, Colorado: Lynne Rienner
     Publishers, 1997. 211 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0894108301 :
     089410831x.
        Abstract: Poet Hilary Tham recounts her parents’ story and recalls
        her own childhood in Malaysia. In so doing she examines the cus-
        toms and practices of her family and the Chinese community, her
        Indian and Malaysian neighbors, and Eurasian friends. Tham
        describes the environment of her youth, including lifestyles, treat-
        ment of elders and children, wedding and burial customs, food,
        and housing.    Tham's mother was fourteen and her father was
        twenty-two when they were married.         In typical fashion, they
       lived with the husband's family. The mother-in-law was unkind,
       making many demands and putting restrictions on Tham's moth-
       er. She also made it clear as the children were born that the boys
       were to be favored. At one point the grandmother tried to per-
       suade Tham's father to give away the next child if it was a girl.
       Her father was too taken with the new baby to give it away, but
       Tham's mother underwent surgery so that there would be no more
       risk of conceiving and therefore losing any future children. Tham
       was appalled at her grandmother's distaste for her and was
       painfully aware of her desire to give away girl babies. Attitudes
       of the culture towards women kept Tham in a continuous state of
       rebellion that was nurtured by the Western-style education she
       received from the nuns at her Catholic school and her participa-
       tion in the Joyful Vanguard, a version of the Girl Scouts. When she
       was baptized, she changed her name to Hilary, one that could be
       considered either male or female. Tham writes about laws that
       were passed forbidding the discussion of politics or religion and
       encouraging various ethnic groups to remain separate. She recalls
       the novel experience of visiting the home of a Eurasian girlfriend
       in which the family would discuss events over the dinner table
       and ask Tham for her opinion. Tham writes that she had to prac-
       tice speaking up and to carefully think over what her opinion
       might be, having never been encouraged to have one before.
       Tham married an American Peace Corps worker and moved to the
       United States. She has published several books of poetry, includ-
       ing Men and Other Strange Myths: Poems & Art (1994), Tigerbone
       Wine: Poems (1992), and Paper Boats: Poems of Hilary Tham (1987).

592. Thanh, Trg. Mosaics of Mind.        Olympia, Washington: South
    Puget Sound Community College, 1998.              120 pages.     ISBN:
    none.
438       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



593. The Rock (Dwayne Johnson).              The Rock Says .. .: The Most
      Electrifying Man in Sports Entertainment. Written with Joe
      Layden. New York, New York: Regan Books, 2000. 292 pages;
      photographs. ISBN: 0060392983 : 0060392991.
        Notes:      Also published New York: Regan Books, 2000.          ISBN:
        006103116x (417 pages).
        Abstract:      The Rock (born Dwayne Johnson) was born into a
        wrestling family.     His maternal grandfather, Peter Maivia, was a
        well-known       Samoan-American     wrestler whose    only daughter
        married Rocky Johnson, an African-American wrestler.         The Rock
        was their only child, and he grew up in the world of wrestling. He
        attended the University of Miami to play football and had hopes
        of being drafted into the National Football League. He was not
        drafted by any NFL teams, and consequently had a short and
        impoverished stint in the Canadian Football League before going
        back to his father and asking him to let him train as a profession-
        al wrestler.    After about a year in training, he debuted on center
        stage for the World Wrestling Federation (WWF). The Rock writes
        candidly about the entertainment aspect of professional wrestling:
        how the bouts are predetermined by the WWE, how the wrestlers
        themselves carefully choreograph their moves, and the impor-
        tance of "promos," the statements which the wrestlers give before
        bouts to get the audience excited and which The Rock enjoys writ-
        ing almost as much as he likes to wrestle. He is also certain that
        fans have no illusions about what is actually going on:
                    Wrestling fans are not stupid, especially in the
                    1990s.   They're in on the con, and that's part of
                    the reason the business has become so popular.
                    Our fans love the serpentine story lines, the wild
                    soap-opera element, the comic-book violence .. .
                    as well as the extraordinarily high level of ath-
                    leticism.                                 (p. 206)
        He writes about the development of his persona, how the WWE
        management decided to turn him into a “heel,” or villain figure.
        This let him be himself, but "with the volume . .. turned . . WAY
        ... UP!" This new persona led to his outstanding popularity as a
        professional wrestler. The book contains descriptions of his most
        famous bouts, an outline of the sort of life he leads, his attitude
        toward his fans, and how he and his wife Dany deal with his fame.
                         The Bibliography                                439


594. Thompson, John (b. 1812). The Life of John Thompson, a Fugitive
     Slave Containing His History of 25 Years in Bondage, and His
    Providential Escape. Chapel Hill, North Carolina: Academic
    Affairs Library, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill,
    2000.
        http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu/neh/thompson/thompson.sgml
        http:/ / docsouth.unc.edu/neh/thompson/thompson.html
        Notes: Documenting the American South (Project).

299. Thornton, Jeanette F. and Rita L. Thornton. A Suitcase Full of
     Dreams: The Untold True Story of a Woman Who Dared to Dream!
    Atlantic Highlands, New Jersey: Thornton Sisters Publishing
    House, 1996. 219 pages; photographs. ISBN: 1889469009.
       Abstract: Jeanette and Rita Thornton have written this book about
       their mother in part as a rebuttal to their sister Yvonne's book The
       Ditchdigger’s Daughters. They felt that Yvonne ignored the role
       their mother played in the success of the six Thornton Sisters and
       gave all of the credit to their father, Donald. Although essentially
       a biography, the sisters have written in the first person as though
       it is their mother, Itasker Edmonds      Thornton,   telling her own
       story. Itasker's childhood is described and insight into the family
       tendency to develop Lupus is given, as well as the early signs that
       Itasker herself suffered from this disease. Jeanette and Rita docu-
       ment Itasker's mock marriage to a professor at Blufield State
       Teacher's College in West Virginia, by whom she became pregnant
       and was abandoned. The birth of her first daughter and her false
       marriage were secrets, along with her age, that Itasker kept from
       all but her two oldest daughters. Itasker was unable to finish col-
       lege and left for New York City to try to make a living in the enter-
       tainment business, hoping to earn enough money to return to col-
       lege. Before that could happen, however, she met Donald
       Thornton and they married. She soon gave birth to Donna and
       then one daughter after another, until there were five in all. Later,
       she and her husband adopted one more girl. Donald Thornton
       was determined to have all of his daughters become doctors.       He
       also decided that he would finance their education by forming
       them into a band. Itasker describes how her husband devised
       impossible plans and then somehow managed to carry them out.
       He worked three to four jobs to support his family and raised the
       money for their house, music lessons, and all of their college edu-
       cations. In their book the sisters describe the personalities of each
       of the girls and how they either did just as their father demanded
440        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        _or rebelled against him. They track the college and career paths of
         each daughter as they entered the fields of psychiatry, medicine,
         law, court reporting, dentistry, and nursing. Rita and Jeanette
         describe the disintegration of their mother's mental state as her
         children began to leave home and her belief that they dismissed
         her as a mere domestic. They portray her as feeling intense guilt
         at not having raised her first daughter and sinking ever more
         deeply into depression. It was not until after her death and an
         autopsy that doctors discovered that Itasker had suffered from
        Graves Disease, which is related to Lupus.        Donna,   the oldest
        Thornton sister, would also die of Lupus in 1991.

596. Thornton, Yvonne S. The Ditchdigger’s Daughters: A Black
     Family's Astonishing Success Story. As told to Jo Coudert.
     Secaucus, New Jersey: Carol Publishing Group, 1995. 261
      pages; photographs. ISBN: 1559722827.
         Notes: Also published New York: Plume, 1995. ISBN: 0452276195;
         New York: Kensington, 2002. ISBN: 0758201168.
         Abstract:   Yvonne   Thornton,   a prominent    obstetrician,   writes
         about her childhood from the 1950s through 1970s. She was the
         third of five daughters in a poor, black family. Her parents, and
         especially her father, Donald Thornton, raised the girls with unre-
         lenting strictness, focused completely on their becoming doctors.
         His philosophy was referred to by his daughters as "the gospel
         according to Donald." They committed to memory the lines he
         regularly used to keep them in line, in particular, "You're black and
         you're ugly and you're girls, and the world's already written you
         off. You can grow up and be a bag lady. You can be on the streets
         and the world won't give a damn whether you live or die. But if
         you listen to me, we can get out of this." His choice of occupation
         for them was based on the notion that "[a] man can be a Ku Klux
         Klan member who hates blacks . . . but if he's layin’ in the road
         hurt and bleedin’ and you tell him you're a doctor, he's gonna beg
         you to help him" (p. 257). A man who worked two jobs a day for
         twenty-five years and a genius at convincing people of his ability
         to make good on debts, Donald Thornton made sure his family
         had every advantage he and his wife could provide.         All of the
         girls learned how to play musical instruments, and they formed
         the Thornton Sisters, a group that appeared on Ted Mack and the
         Original Amateur Hour, won a week of appearances at the Apollo
         Theater, and eventually specialized in performances on college
         campuses, work that allowed them to stay safely in school on the
         weekdays and work all weekend.        The band earned enough
                             The Bibliography                              441


        money to send the five girls through college. Loathe to let his
        daughters leave home, Donald sent them all to Monmouth
        College, a small school in their home town that had never sent a
        graduate to medical school.        Of the five sisters, Yvonne was the
        first to become a doctor. She was accepted at Columbia University
        of Physicians and Surgeons, was a resident in New York City, went
        on to the Bethesda Naval Hospital, and subsequently to other
        prominent positions. Of the five sisters, two became medical doc-
        tors, one became a dentist, another a science teacher, and the eld-
        est became a court stenographer. All lived up to their father's dec-
        laration that "women can do anything."

597. Thunder, Mary Elizabeth. Thunder's Grace: Walking the Road of
     Visions with My Lakota Grandmother. Edited by Augusta Ogden.
     Barrytown, New York: Station Hill Press, 1995. 259 pages; pho-
     tographs. ISBN: 0882681664.
        Abstract: Mary Elizabeth Thunder describes the difficult years
        that led to her life as a spiritual teacher and healer. Abandoned by
        her mother three weeks after birth, while her father was serving in
        the Navy during World War II, Thunder lived with her grandpar-
        ents, her father and stepmother, and in a variety of foster homes.
        At one of her lowest points as an adult, with a failing marriage and
        three children to raise, Thunder began to explore her Indian her-
        itage.     Her father was a descendent of Mohawk and Cheyenne
        Indians,     and   her   mother   was   probably   of Native-American
        descent as well. Thunder's genealogical exploration introduced
        her to many Native elders, including Grace Spotted Elk, Wallace
        Black Elk, Leonard Crow Dog, and Rolling Thunder. Following
        her recovery from a near-fatal heart attack, Thunder was con-
        vinced by her tribal elders to take part in a Sun Dance Ceremony.
        Since then she has become a teacher and "pipe carrier." She tours
        and teaches at Thunder Horse Ranch, a spiritual university in
        Texas.

598. Tijerina, Reies Lépez. They Called Me "King Tiger”: My Struggle
     for the Land and Our Rights. Translated and edited by José
     Angel Gutiérrez. Foreword by Henry A. J. Ramos. Houston,
     Texas: Arte Publico Press, 2000. 236 pages; photographs.
     ISBN: 1558853022.
        Abstract:    Tijerina writes of his twenty years of political activism
        on behalf of "Indohispanos," or Mexican Americans,           and their
       claim to land holdings under the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo.
       Tijerina went to Mexico and Spain to research land laws, to uncov-
442        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        er details surrounding the initiation and implementation of the
        treaty, and to look for documents supporting local claims to Tierra
        Amarilla in New Mexico. Founder of Alianza Federal de Mercedes
        (Federal Land Grant Alliance) and the Alianza de los Pueblos y
        Pobladores (Alliance of Towns and Settlers), Tijerina was a target
        for local white landowners, white and Mexican-American politi-
        cians, local law enforcement agencies, and the FBI.    In this book,
        he documents his five court trials, two imprisonments, the harass-
        ment of his children and wife, and the bombings of his home, the
        homes of others involved in the movement, and his organization's
        offices.    He notes that there were no police investigations into
        these attacks. Tijerina persistently sought a response to his land-
        claim work from Presidents Eisenhower through Ford, but never
        received any response to his letters or memoranda. He writes, "It
        must be that the Anglo sees in me his criminal history, and that's
        why he cannot tolerate my claims for the rights of the
        Indohispanos and the Indians" (p. 156). Although the fight for
        recognition of land claims continues, Tijerina saw some progress
        before the end of the 1970s in terms of sympathy for his cause and
        some recognition of his claims from the political establishment.
        He also writes of his attempts to form a self-sufficient community
        in Arizona during the early 1950s. He and his fellow community
        members bought 160 acres of land and named it Valley of Peace.
        They wanted to live away from the "Anglo" cities and the "Anglo"
        education system. Tijerina prefers the use of the term Indohispanos
        over the term Chicano because it unites Mexican Americans with
        the Mexican people. He feels that the term Chicano separated the
        Mexicans in the United States from Mexicans in Mexico.
        Translator of this book and founder of La Raza Unida party, José
        Angel Gutiérrez notes that as the Chicano movement has faded,
        the use of the term has gone out of vogue, and that Hispanic and
        Latino/Latina are now more frequently used. This work was origi-
        nally published in Spanish in 1978 by Fondo de Cultura Econémica.
        It was not until 1994 that Tijerina sought to have it translated into
        English.

599. Tillage, Leon Walter (1936- ). Leon's Story.           Collage art by
      Susan Roth.     New York, New York: Farrar, Straus, and Giroux,
      1997. 107 pages; illustrations. ISBN: 0374343799.
        Notes: Also published in 2000. ISBN: 0374443300.
        Abstract:    At the time Tillage wrote his book, which is aimed at
        younger readers, he had been the custodian at Park School in
        Baltimore, Maryland, for thirty years. Each year he talks to the
                           The Bibliography                               443


         seventh grade class, telling them about his childhood as a share-
         cropper in North Carolina and his participation in the nonviolent
         protests that eventually led to voting rights, desegregated schools,
         and the dismantling of Jim Crow.       In his book, Tillage, who was
         born in 1936, describes the system of sharecropping under which
         he and his family worked. He explains how his family became
         indebted to the landowner for supplies, food, and clothing and
         rarely broke even when accounts were settled after harvest.
         Tillage writes about the segregated conditions in Fuquay, North
         Carolina, which he calls a "Jim Crow town," the lack of opportuni-
         ties for black children growing up, the difficulty of attending
         school when you were needed to work in the fields, and the poor
         condition of schools for black children. On Tillage's fifteenth
         birthday, he and his siblings watched as their parents set off on
         foot to go into town to buy a birthday present. As the two entered
         the road, a car driven by white teenagers hit and ran over Tillage's
         father, killing him. His mother escaped into a ditch. Although the
        children identified the murderers, the Tillage family received no
        more than an apology. Mrs. Tillage went to court to press charges,
        but nothing resulted from this effort. Tillage was not raised to
        question Jim Crow, but it was plain to him that the way he and his
        family were treated was wrong. He began to take part in march-
        es and other forms of nonviolent protest. Although he did not
        have the support of family or friends, he writes,
                   [O]ur friends and relatives and also the white
                   man didn't understand the way we felt and the
                   way we thought about the situation, which was
                   we didn't care who we sat beside. We didn't care
                   who we lived beside. We didn't care so much
                   about walking in the front door. What we cared
                   about was who are you to tell us what we can
                   and can't do in America, the land of freedom, the
                   land of democracy. That is what we got beat up
                   for. It was as simple as that.             (p. 97)


600. Tillis, James Quick. Thinkin Big: The Story of James “Quick” Tillis
     the Fightin Cowboy. As told to J. Engleman Price. Toronto,
     Ontario: ECW Press, 2000.           177 pages; photographs.        ISBN:
     1550224301.
        Abstract: Tillis was born in 1957 in Tulsa, Oklahoma. He was
        inspired to pursue his boxing career after watching a fight featur-
        ing a young Cassius Clay. Tillis was a wild teenager and believes
        that boxing channeled his natural athleticism, attitude, and mean-
44        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        ness in a constructive direction. By 1975 Tillis had won the region-
        al Golden Gloves. He then went to work as a garbage collector
        before heading with his manager to Chicago to train. He arrived
        with enough money for one week's rent and no money for food.
        In 1976, he took part in the Olympic trials. Tillis describes his piv-
        otal fights and his battle with fatigue. Before winning his fight
        with Mike Tyson, Tillis visited a health-food advisor and went on
        a strict health-food diet. Tillis describes the downside of boxing,
        including dishonest promoters and managers. He himself was
        cheated out of most of the money he earned. Tillis describes his
        love of Oklahoma and the cowboy life and writes about his hero,
        his mother Rose Tillis.

601. Tilmon, Levin (1807-1863). A Brief Miscellaneous Narrative of the
     More Early Part of the Life of L. Tilmon, Pastor of a Colored
     Methodist Congregational Church in the City of New York. Chapel
     Hill, North Carolina: Academic Affairs Library, University of
     North Carolina at Chapel Hill, 1999.
        http:/ /metalab.unc.edu /docsouth/tilmon/tilmon.sgml
        http:/ /metalab.unc.edu/docsouth/tilmon/tilmon.html
        Notes: Documenting the American South (Project).

602. Tomita, Mary Kimoto.  Dear Miye: Letters Home from Japan 1939-
     1946. Edited with introduction and notes by Robert G. Lee.
     Asian America.    Stanford, California: Stanford University
     Press, 1995. 400 pages; photographs; index. ISBN: 0804724199
     : 0804729670.
        Abstract: Mary Kimoto Tomita was born in 1918 on the family
        farm in Ceres, California. The family owned their property only
        because her father had immigrated to the United States around the
        turn of the century and bought property three years before
        California passed its Alien Land Law, which prohibited Japanese
        and Chinese nationals from buying property. Following gradua-
        tion from Modesto Junior College, Tomita realized that her
        employment opportunities were limited to domestic work, a job in
        a Japanese-owned shop, or the family farm. She decided to work
        as a domestic for one year to earn money for passage to Japan. She
        left in 1939 and enrolled in Waseda International University (for
        non-Japanese students) in Tokyo. Tomita's letters to her friend
        Miye Yamasaki Nishita back home in Modesto describe her adjust-
        ment to life in a foreign country where her rebellious nature, not ~
        to mention her U.S. citizenship, made it difficult for her relatives
                               The Bibliography                             445


        and Japanese hosts to accept her. Because of the poor relations
        between the U.S. and Japan, Tomita had trouble receiving reading
        material from the United States. Her news was filtered through
        the Japanese media and this contributed to her ongoing confusion
        as to where she belonged and with which country her loyalties
        should lie. After the attack by Japan on Pearl Harbor, Tomita was
        stranded in Japan and was unable to repatriate until 1947. She
        endured homelessness, hunger, and poverty. Encouraged to add
        her name to her family's register so that she could receive a rice
        ration, Tomita found out later that this meant she had effectively
        given up her American citizenship. She finally made her way to
        Osaka, where she reunited with her Nisei friend Kay Oka.
        Following the war they worked for the occupation forces, and
        Tomita was able to reinstate her U.S. citizenship and return to the
        United States, where she was reunited with her family. During the
        war, Tomita had been unable to correspond outside of Japan, and
        all of her letters sent from Japan were lost. The letters in the book
        for that period were recreated as part of a writing assignment for
        an English course at Boston University shortly after she returned
        from Japan.       In her introduction, Tomita writes,

                   It is my hope that the letters presented here will
                   strike some universal chord with those who
                   have    had   to adjust to different   cultures,   and
                   specifically, with those who, like me and my fel-
                   low Nisei in Japan, had no choice but to do so. I
                   will feel rewarded if they bring some under-
                   standing to those who have never been in simi-
                   lar situations. Perhaps these letters will show
                   also that people are fundamentally the same,
                   regardless of culture and place, that everyone
                   deserves to be treated with dignity and respect,
                   and that tragedies and adversities strengthen a
                   person as long as they are met with a positive
                   attitude.                                      (p. ix)


603. Toussaint, Rose-Marie. Never Question the Miracle: A Surgeon's
     Story. Written with Anthony E. Santaniello. New York, New
     York: One World, 1998. 377 pages. ISBN: 0345407237.
       Abstract:    Toussaint is a surgeon specializing in liver and kidney
       transplants. In this book she describes the path from her child-
       hood in Haiti to her graduation from medical school in
       Washington, D.C., and finally to her career in her chosen area of
       specialization. Toussaint was born in Haiti into a farming family.
446       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        Her parents had left the children in Haiti while they searched for
        work in the United States and sent for them when they settled in
        Miami. Toussaint came to the United States ready to begin ninth
        grade. Her transition was difficult because of cultural differences,
        racial prejudice, and difficulties with language, but she worked
        hard to fulfill her dream to become a doctor. Toussaint attended a
        small Catholic college in New Orleans.        She graduated as a
        premed student, but received no letter of acceptance into medical
        school. Toussaint describes the years between her initial rejection
        and her eventual acceptance into a medical school in Washington,
        D.C. She discusses the difficulties in medical education facing
        women, especially African-American women, and the problem of
        balancing school and medical residencies with any kind of normal
        life. Toussaint includes episodes of success and failure and
        encouragement and the lack of it leading to her becoming a sur-
        geon. She also gives a glimpse into the life-and-death decisions
        made by organ transplant specialists.

604. Townsend, Henry. A Blues Life. As told to Bill Greensmith.
     Urbana, Illinois: University of Illinois Press, 1999. 145 pages;
     photographs. ISBN: 0252025261.
        Abstract: Musician Henry Townsend was born in 1909. His fam-
        ily moved repeatedly between city and farm, and so he never had
        much of an opportunity to attend school. His grandfather, who
        had a prosperous farm in Cairo, Illinois, set an example for
        Townsend as a self-taught man, and Townsend looked to him as a
        model of what he might accomplish. Townsend ran away from
        home when he was about nine, going to St. Louis and supporting
        himself with a variety of odd jobs. While working, he heard con-
        versations about the local musicians. When he was old enough, he
        began going to hear them perform whenever possible. He was
        inspired by guitarists Son Ryan, Dave Pearchfield, and especially
        Lonnie Johnson, and he learned to play the instrument using other
        people's guitars. After he convinced a girl friend to buy him one
        of his own, he began to join in with other musicians. Townsend
        became a figurehead in the St. Louis blues scene, spending most of
        his time traveling between      St. Louis, Chicago, and   Cairo   and
        Future City, Illinois. He made his first recording in 1929 and went
        on to record for more than sixty years. In his autobiography he
        recalls the many musicians he played with. He describes their
        styles and talks about the venues in which they performed.
        Townsend made a number of European tours and was performing
        at folk festivals into the 1990s.
                            The Bibliography                                447


605. Tripathy, Ghana Shyam. Best of Two Worlds. Dover, Ohio: G. S.
     Tripathy, 1997. 123 pages; photographs; documents. ISBN:
     none.
         Abstract: Ghana Tripathy grew up in the state of Orissa in India.
         His family was of the Brahmin caste, and he lived with his entire
         extended family in what was known as a "joint family." Tripathy
         was adopted by his aunt and uncle but was always near his birth
         parents as well. He notes his good fortune at being born a boy.
         With two sets of parents and his status as a male, Tripathy lived a
         spoiled and charmed life. He graduated from high school at the
         age of twenty-one, and then entered medical college.        In 1952, he
         participated in an exchange program with the United States and
         was sent to Peoria, Illinois, for a pathology residency. He soon
         transferred to surgery, working at Aultman Hospital in Canton,
         Ohio. Tripathy describes his work at Aultman and then at a series
         of veterans hospitals before setting up his own practice in Dover,
         Ohio.   He married Rita Landers, the head recovery room nurse at
         Aultman, and they had five children. Although Tripathy had
         planned to return to India following the completion of his resi-
         dency, he and Rita chose to stay in the United States. Rita did not
         travel to India with Tripathy until they had been married twelve
         years. By then, Tripathy's family had learned to accept his mar-
         riage to a Christian American, and she received a warm welcome.
        Tripathy discusses his childhood and youth within the context of
        history, customs, and traditions of his home region in India. He
        writes about the conditions of World War II and the fear of
        Japanese occupation, the events surrounding India's declaration of
        independence from Great Britain, and his personal experience
        with caste restrictions and marriage practices.

606. Trujillo, Marie      Oralia Durdn.      Autumn     Memories:     My New
    Mexican Roots and Traditions.         Pueblo, Colorado: El Escritorio,
     1999.   120 pages.    ISBN: 0962897477.

607. Tuan, Yi-fu. Who Am I? An Autobiography of Emotion, Mind, and
     Spirit.   Wisconsin Studies in American Autobiography.
     Madison, Wisconsin: University of Wisconsin Press, 1999. 139
    pages; photographs. ISBN: 0299166600.
        Abstract:   Prominent geographer Tuan notes the popularity of
        autobiography during the closing years of the twentieth century
        as a manifestation of a search for identity and roots. "Everyone
        seems to be asking it. Not only individuals but groups and even
        nations 'who am      I?' or ‘who are we?"     (p. 4).   He writes, that
448        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


        because of his own rootlessness, he is a "natural for self-examina-
        tion" (p. 4). Not only has he lived in sixteen cities on three differ-
        ent continents, but he has spent most of his life as a single person
        because of his discomfort with his gay sexual orientation. He feels
        that this, more than his ethnicity, has been a shaping feature in his
        life. "The one portable soil—family—in which an individual is
        given natural grounding is not available to me" (p. 4). He attrib-
        utes his passion for geography to having an "inordinate fear of los-
        ing my way.... I concluded that I had to be a geographer so as to
        ensure that I should never be disoriented" (p. 93). Indeed Tuan's
        desire for a clear orientation is expressed in his many publications
        which explore the variety of meanings that can be attributed to the
        word or concept of "place." A prolific writer, Tuan's works include
        Segmented World and Self (1982), Cosmos and Hearth: A Cosmopolites
        Viewpoint (1996), Dominance and Affection: The Making of Pets (1984),
        Passing Strange and Wonderful: Aesthetics, Nature, and Culture
        (1993), and Space and Time: The Perspective of Experience (1977), as
        well as many articles and contributed chapters.

608. Turner, Janet Driskell (1920- ). Through the Back Door: Memoirs
      of a Sharecropper’s Daughter Who Learned to Read as a Great-
      Grandmother.     Boulder,    Colorado:     Creativa   Press, 2000.   87
      pages; photographs.       ISBN: 0967374480.
        Abstract: Janet Driskell Turner grew up the eldest of twelve chil-
        dren on a small farm in rural Georgia where her parents share-
        cropped. Turner describes the farm owners, her father's bosses, as
        deeply racist and controlling. They tried to keep the children out
        of school and busy on the farm and gave her parents no opportu-
        nity to better their situation. Turner believes that the bosses were
        jealous and wanted to keep down the black families that worked
        for them because they had so little themselves. The twelve
        Driskell children attended school sporadically. All of the children
        worked in the fields and the girls had to work in the house as well.
        As the eldest, Turner had the responsibility of caring for the
        younger children, sewing, and doing laundry and other house-
        hold chores. Although she managed to complete the ninth grade,
        her reading skills were never adequate. Many years later, Turner,
         a sixty-six-year-old   widow,   moved     from Atlanta, Georgia, to
         Boulder, Colorado, to live with her son and his family. There she
         learned about a literacy program at the Boulder Public Library
         called BoulderReads! Having grown up under Jim Crow and the
         carefully enforced rules for blacks and whites, Turner was initial- _
         ly fearful about approaching the librarians about the program, but
         she soon found that they were warm and encouraging. Turner
                          The Bibliography                                449


        thrived under the program, and her life changed once she was
        able to read and understand what she was reading. The short
        vignettes presented in this book were written as a result of her par-
        ticipation in the literacy program, in which she was encouraged to
        write and give speeches. In 1991, Turner was diagnosed with
        Parkinson's Disease.    She describes the effects of this disease, her
         fear, and her determination to fight it.

609. Turner, Tony.     All That Glittered: My Life with the Supremes.
     Written     with Barbara   Aria.    New    York, New     York:   Dutton
     Books, 1990. 308 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0525249109.
        Notes:    Also published New York: Penguin Books, 1990.         ISBN:
        0451402758 (334 pages); Lincoln: toExcel, 2000. ISBN: 0595010903.
         Abstract: Tony Turner was twelve years old when he met Florence
         Ballard, a member of the Supremes, at a Manhattan department
         store in 1964. The famous trio were in New York and making their
        first appearance on the Ed Sullivan Show. Turner was taken on as
        a sort of mascot and assistant, and Ballard would call him when-
        ever they were in New York. He soon became a permanent fixture
        with the group. Turner stayed with the Supremes even after
        Ballard left the group. He managed Mary Wilson in the late 1980s
        when she was touring as Mary Wilson of the Supremes. In his
        book, Turner describes the fiery relationship between Ballard and
        Diana Ross and the change that took place within the Supremes as
        Ross became the star and Ballard and Wilson were relegated to the
        background.      He writes about the tempestuous dismissal of
        Ballard by producer Barry Gordy and her replacement by Cindy
        Birdsong. He relates Ballard's descent into poverty, sickness, and
        early death. He writes about the post-Ballard Supremes and their
        attempt to survive following Ross's departure for a solo career and
        his own brief interlude working with the Three Degrees. Turner
        speaks on behalf of Florence Ballard and describes the obstacles
        that were placed in the way of her success as a solo artist by Barry
        Gordy and Motown. Finally, he writes about his years touring
        with Mary Wilson and how he managed to put the Supremes
        behind him as his working relationship with Wilson came to an
        unhappy end.

610. TwoTrees, Kaylynn Sullivan. Somebody Always Singing You.
     Jackson, Mississippi: University of Mississippi Press, 1997. 166
     pages; photographs. ISBN: 0878059814.
        Abstract: Kaylynn TwoTrees was born to an African-American
        mother and a Lakota Indian father. Their marriage was plagued
450      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



       by cultural differences and the objections of TwoTrees's maternal
       grandparents, and her parents soon divorced. Up until she was
       six, TwoTrees lived with her mother in Iowa and spent the sum-
       mers with her paternal grandmother on the Pine Ridge
       Reservation in South Dakota. After TwoTrees's stepfather mur-
       dered her mother, her grandparents cut off all contact with the
       Lakota side of TwoTrees's family. They sent TwoTrees away to a
       Catholic boarding school in Illinois. She describes the misery of
       her years there: the severe punishment, the agony of being the
       only black child, and the trauma of the weekly shampooings.
       Expelled during her last semester, TwoTrees went back to Iowa to
       live with her grandparents. She finished high school, but was
       pregnant before graduation. Later TwoTrees reluctantly agreed to
       her grandparents’ wish to have an aunt and uncle adopt her
       daughter, who was almost two years old at the time. She then left
       home and moved to Chicago, where she met her future husband.
       The two went to Europe to study dance in Germany and England,
       and they both had successful careers in the dance world, he as a
       choreographer and she as a dancer and costume and set designer.
       The marriage, however, disintegrated as their careers diverged
       and her husband became an alcoholic. TwoTrees has spent the
       subsequent years trying to put together her identity by reconnect-
       ing with her daughter and her Native-American heritage. She has
       been able to express the tragedies in her life through her art, using
       inspiration from native cultures in Africa, New Zealand, and the
       United States.

611. Tyson, Neil De Grasse. The Sky Is Not the Limit: Adventures of
     an Urban Astrophysicist. New York, New York: Doubleday,
     2000. 191 pages. ISBN: 0385488386.
       Abstract: Astrophysicist Tyson was born in 1958 and raised in the
       Bronx. He first became enamored of the night sky in sixth grade.
       In seventh grade he received his first telescope and at fifteen gave
       his first public lecture. He credits a childhood friend who intro-
       duced him to games, brain teasers, and binoculars for getting him
       started along the path he was to follow steadily from such an early
       age. Tyson had invaluable travel and scholarship opportunities
       while still in high school through his participation in the New
       York Explorer's Club. He took courses as a youth at the Haydn
       Observatory. As a high-school junior, Tyson visited Cornell
       University and interviewed with Carl Sagan.        Tyson writes that
       Sagan   was      "warm,   compassionate,   and   demonstrated   what
       appeared to be a genuine interest in my life's path.... [A]t every
       stage of my scientific career that followed, I have modeled       my
                         The Bibliography                                451


       encounters with students after my first encounter with Carl" (pp.
       28-29). Tyson earned his Ph.D. in astrophysics at Columbia
       University. Besides discussing his education and experiences as a
       practicing astrophysicist, Tyson writes about scientific method
       and accuracy, science and religion, the laws of physics and every-
       day life, space exploration versus conquest of space, and gives an
       explanation of some of the more fascinating celestial events in
       recent history. As a scientist, and with the advantage (or "keys to
       the candy store") of being the director of the Haydn Planetarium,
       Tyson has sought to "bring the universe down to Earth for every-
       body who wanted to see it. Along the way, I have also tried to
       raise public literacy in science a notch or two" (preface).

612. Tywoniak, Frances Esquibel (1931- ). Migrant Daughter: Coming
     of Age As a Mexican American Woman. Written with Mario T.
     Garcia. Berkeley, California: University of California Press,
    2000. 237 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0520219147
                                             : 0520219155.
       Abstract: Frances Tywoniak was born in New Mexico. Her moth-
       er was a native of the state and her father had emigrated from
       Mexico. Until 1937, she and her family lived on her grandmoth-
       er's ranch. She was part of a Spanish-speaking community, and
       her father insisted on Spanish being spoken in the house.
       Tywoniak writes that her New Mexican background "gave me a
       sense of belonging, a sense that I could count on family acceptance
       and total support" (p. 24). During the Depression, her family
       moved to California to find work as farm laborers, living in work
       camps until they movedto Visalia. This was Tywoniak's first
       introduction to urban life and the barrio. As she grew older, she
       became more "Americanized," and began to distance herself from
       Mexican students, feeling more comfortable in English than in
       Spanish. Along with this loss of Spanish fluency, Tywoniak felt
       herself separating from her family. She had been raised to be a
       good wife and mother, but she wanted to go to college. Tywoniak
       was a good student, but eventually she realized that there was
       limited support for Mexican students and that she had been
       tracked into vocational courses.     Tywoniak was lucky to find
       teachers who recognized her abilities and supported her college
       aspirations. She was awarded an alumni scholarship to attend the
       University of California at Berkeley. Tywoniak immersed herself
       in life as a student, experiencing the diversity of the Berkeley cam-
       pus, adjusting herself to its immensity, and absorbing new ideas
       and ways of looking at the world. She describes Berkeley as a
       "sanctuary for differences" (p. 192). Halfway through her college
       career, Tywoniak met her future husband, Ed. He was seventeen
452      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



       years her senior and a veteran of World War II. She found that he
       was interested in her life as a student, supported her career goals,
       and, after their marriage, shared household, child-rearing, and
       bread-winning responsibilities with her. Tywoniak never consid-
       ered giving up her studies or her aspirations to teach. In 1953, she
       graduated from Berkeley, already a year into her marriage and a
       new mother. She received her teaching certification in 1954 and
       began teaching in 1955. In 1991, she retired from the San Francisco
       school district after a career as a teacher, counselor, principal, and
       administrator.

613. Ung, Loung.     First They Killed My Father: A Daughter of
     Cambodia Remembers. New York, New York: HarperCollins,
     1999. 241 pages; photographs; map. ISBN: 0060193328.
       Notes: Published in paperback, New York: Harper Perennial,
       2001. ISBN: 0060931388 (238 pages).
       Abstract: Loung Ung was born into a comfortably middle-class
       Cambodian family of seven children. Her father was a member of
       the military police in the Lon Nol government, so when the Khmer
       Rouge took over Phnom Penh, when Ung was just five, the fami-
       ly was in great danger. With the aid of about one hundred pages
       of family history and recollections provided by her second eldest
       brother who was sixteen in 1975, Ung tells the story of her family
       during the reign of Pol Pot and the Khmer Rouge in one of the
       areas of the country where treatment was the most brutal. The
       family managed to escape Phnom Penh and pass as peasants for
       quite a while. The older children were sent to youth camps, and
       Ung's eldest sister succumbed to dysentery. Finally, Ung's father
       was led away by soldiers, never to return. After a while, her moth-
       er sent away three of the children still with her, including Ung,
       certain that the Khmer Rouge would come for her next. The three
       went to separate camps. The family had a brief reunion when
       almost all of the surviving members, suffering from malnutrition,
       were reunited at a hospital. However, they were once again split
       up, and Ung never saw her mother or youngest sister again.
       When the Vietnamese Army invaded Cambodia, all of the youth
       camps dissolved in the confusion, and Ung escaped with her
       brother and sister. After months in a refugee camp, they finally
       found their two older brothers. The family returned to their moth-
       er's birthplace and were taken in by aunts and uncles. Eventually,
       Ung and her eldest brother and sister-in-law escaped to Thailand
       by way of Vietnam and were able to immigrate to Vermont in 1980.
       Despite the subsequent efforts of her brother and his wife, the
                         The Bibliography                                453


        entire family has still not been reunited because the number of
        refugees accepted into the United States has been reduced. Ung,
       who is the spokesperson for Campaign for a Landmine-Free
       World, lives in Washington, D.C. and recently made her first trip
       back to Cambodia in fifteen years.

614. Upchurch, Carl. Convicted in the Womb: One Man's Journey from
    Prisoner to Peacemaker.    New York, New York: Bantam Books,
     1996. 236 pages. ISBN: 0553097261 : 0553375202.
       Abstract: Upchurch grew up in South Philadelphia. Neglected
       from earliest childhood, he essentially raised himself on the street.
       Whenever he was caught at a crime, he was sent to a youth facili-
       ty where he would get food, shelter, and human warmth, but he
       would eventually be released and be back on his own. As an
       adult, except for a brief period in the army, Upchurch was in
       prison until he was thirty-six. During this time he earned a GED
       and began reading anything he could find. His exposure to liter-
       ature began to change his life and way of thinking. It taught him
       emotions he had never been exposed to and gave him motivation
       to plan a new direction for his life. Given the opportunity to take
       university courses, Upchurch became acquainted with Professor
       Martha Connamacher, who became his mentor. After his release
       from prison, he worked on her farm and she introduced him to the
       Friends Church. He considered careers in the ministry and social
       work, but found that university programs did not address what he
       saw as the important issues. He was certain that he wanted to
       serve youth. Upchurch started a program called the Progressive
       Prisoners’ Movement through which he provided legal and emo-
       tional assistance to prisoners. He spoke in schools with both white
       and black children. With the help of his Baptist church, Upchurch
       started the Council for Urban Peace and Justice in 1992.     In 1993,
       through this organization, he organized a gang summit, bringing
       together gang leaders from twenty-six cities for a week of religious
       services, discussions, goal-setting, and planning. One of the out-
       comes of this event was a lasting truce between two Los Angeles
       gangs, the Bloods and the Crips. Success in Kansas City led to
       similar summits in other areas, including Minneapolis, Chicago,
       and San Antonio, Texas. Upchurch discusses the importance of
       education, economics, and politics as tools for justice: "Education
       is power. That is what we have to give to ourselves and our chil-
       dren" (p. 201). He also examines the current state and future of
       black leadership in the United States. He sees an important role
       for black churches to provide and nurture new leaders, and he
       considers his own most important role to be working with youth
454        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        to convince them that they can achieve something meaningful
        with their lives. Upchurch sees that his responsibility is to be a
        role model    and that, therefore, his life must    exemplify moral
        behavior, integrity, and forthrightness.

615. Urrea, Luis Alberto. Nobody's Son: Notes from an American Life.
      Camino Del Sol. Tucson, Arizona: University of Arizona Press,
      1998. 188 pages. ISBN: 0816518653.
        Abstract:    This book, the third in Urrea's border trilogy, won the
        American Book Award in 1999. Urrea's childhood was marred by
        the unhappy marriage of his mother, a white woman from Staten
        Island, and his father, an officer in the army with close connections
        to the President of Mexico. The two met in San Francisco and
        eventually moved to Tijuana, where Urrea was born. Urrea's
        mother claimed heritage to family that ran a Virginia Plantation
         and owned slaves.     He describes her as virulently conservative,
         with racist attitudes toward Hispanics and African Americans.
         His father came out of what Urrea calls the Mexican melting pot.
         He was blonde and blue-eyed, with Irish, Apache, German,
         Chinese, and Basque relatives in his family tree. Despite his var-
         ied background, Urrea's father mistrusted white Americans and
         was also very conservative.   When Urrea was three, his father lost
         or gave up his position of importance, and the family left Mexico.
         In the U.S., his father went from one menial position to the other,
         and his mother became depressed and reclusive.         Urrea has no
         memories of love or warmth with his parents. He eventually
         found a nurturing family environment when his father began tak-
         ing him to a Mexican woman who practiced herbal healing. The
         woman's family took him in and cared for him, both medically
         and spiritually, and Urrea spent as much time as possible with
         them. Urrea talks about his Anglo-Mexican heritage and his con-
         fused sense of identity. He was pulled in opposite directions by
         his parents and taunted with racial epithets by both children and
         adults.   Urrea writes of his initial admiration for the writer
         Edward Abbey, who "with his championing of lizards and water-
         sheds, seemed to be championing us, too. Ed made some of us
         hope" (p. 102). The disappointment came with Abbey's book One
         Life at a Time, Please (Holt, 1988), in which he wrote of the dangers
         to the United States of uncontrolled migration from Latin-
         American countries, describing the immigrants (as quoted by
         Urrea) as, "hungry, ignorant, unskilled, and culturally-morally-
         genetically impoverished people" (p. 103). Urrea concludes the
         book with an essay describing his journey along the highways of
         the United States, going from truck stop to truck stop to see the
         country in an attempt to discover and define home.
                          The Bibliography                                   455


616. Uyeda, Clifford I. Suspended: Growing Up Asian in America. San
     Francisco, California: National Japanese American Historical
     Society, 2000. 247 pages. ISBN: 188150610x.

617. Veciana-Suarez, Ana. Birthday Parties in Heaven: Thoughts on
     Love, Life, Grief, and Other Matters of the Heart. New York, New
     York: Plume, 2000.    177 pages.      ISBN: 0452282004.
        Abstract: Ana Veciana-Suarez's book is a collection of stories
        about her past, her parents, who emmigrated from Spain to Cuba
        to the United States, and the small and momentous events that
        have shaped her life. Veciana-Suarez describes her father's anti-
        Communist, anti-Castro activities in Cuba, Bolivia, and elsewhere.
        She writes about her mother's quieter contributions to the family,
        and her escape from Cuba with three children to settle in Miami.
        Veciana-Suarez married and had five children before her husband
        died at age thirty-seven. She writes about raising the children as
        a single parent and helping them through the death of their father.
        Veciana-Suarez also presents issues of sibling rivalry, childhood
        rebelliousness, her second marriage, making marriage work, car-
        ing for her mother-in-law who suffered from Alzheimer's disease,
        and facing her mother-in-law's death.

618. Vilar, Irene (1969- ). The Ladies’ Gallery: A Memoir of Family
     Secrets. Translated by Gregory Rabassa. New York, New York:
     Vintage Books, 1998.       324 pages; photographs.      ISBN:
     0679745467.
       Notes: Originally published A Message from God in the Atomic Age:
       A Memoir. New York: Pantheon Books, 1996. ISBN: 0679422811.
       Abstract:    In 1954,   Irene   Vilar's   grandmother,   Lolita   Lebrén,
       stormed the U.S. House of Representatives with three other Puerto
       Rican nationalists, firing guns and wounding five congressmen.
       Lebron was sentenced to fifty-seven years in prison. This proved
       to be the defining event in the life of Vilar's mother, who commit-
       ted suicide in 1977 after waiting for twenty-three years for her
       mother to return to her.    When her mother died, Vilar was only
       eight years old and this set in motion the many tragic events in her
       life. In 1988, she was admitted to a psychiatric hospital after an
       attempted suicide, not her first. In this book, Vilar chronicles her
       short history, alternating memories of her time in the psychiatric
       hospital with memories of her childhood leading up to her hospi-
       talization, in an attempt to find some peace of mind.         Following
       her mother's death, Vilar lived with a variety of aunts and uncles
456        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        and then with her father and his long-term girlfriend. In 1977, she
        moved to New Hampshire with cousins to attend a private school,
        spent one year in Spain when she was thirteen, and then returned
        to Puerto Rico for her father's wedding to a seventeen-year-old
        girl. Vilar describes a time when, at the age of fifteen, she had a
        sexual relationship with an older man, and her lengthy relation-
        ship with a young man while attending college at Syracuse
        University. She tells the story of her grandmother as she knows it,
        explores her mother's feelings about losing her mother, and Vilar's
        ongoing grief at her mother's death.

619. Voget, Fred. They Call Me Agnes: A Crow Narrative Based on the
     Life of Agnes Yellowtail Deernose. Assisted by Mary K. Mee.
      Norman, Oklahoma: University of Oklahoma Press, 1995. 220
      pages; photographs; maps. ISBN: 0806126957.
        Abstract: Agnes Yellowtail Deernose was born in 1908, in a time
        of transition for most American Indian cultures. She was raised in
        a traditional setting on a reservation, but was sent to a Baptist
        school where she learned English and received a white American
        education. She and her second husband, Donnie, worked to pass
        their language and tribal practices on to their children. While
        seeking to continue tribal ways, they also adapted to the many
        inevitable changes that come with living in close proximity to
        another culture. In this narrative, Yellowtail Deernose describes
        traditional Indian customs such as give-aways, family ties, the
        clan system, interaction between boys and girls, brothers and sis-
        ters, marriage practices, and ceremonies.        Yellowtail Deernose
        describes the various celebrations of the year, including the holi-
        days of American culture that the Crows adopted. Yellowtail
        Deernose devotes a significant portion of her narrative to describ-
        ing adoption among the Crow people and how this family practice
        has touched her life and the lives of her children. An adoption
        means that a Crow child has many adults who take a significant
        interest in his or her life, thus strengthening family ties, and ensur-
        ing that a child has many opportunities to learn and to take on
        important roles in the tribal community. Yellowtail Deernose
         speaks with extreme fondness of the annual Crow Fair, the event
         during which she was born. "Early in July . . . people get their tipi
         poles ready for our grand tribal camp, the Crow Fair. We all look
         ahead to that time with great joy.... We can relax with our rela-
         tives, friends and visiting tribal members.   We can be ourselves—
         be Indians" (p. 201).
                            The Bibliography                             457


620. Wade-Gayles, Gloria Jean.          Rooted against the Wind: Personal
    Essays. Boston, Massachusetts: Beacon Press, 1996. 197 pages.
    ISBN: 0807009385.
       Abstract:        Wade-Gayles   is a professor of English at Spelman
       College in Atlanta, Georgia. The author of a number of books, she
       has one other autobiographical work, Pushed Back to Strength: A
       Black Woman's Journey Home (Beacon Press, 1993). In Rooted against
        the Wind, Wade-Gayles discusses several topics from the point of
       view of her own experiences. One is social attitudes towards
       aging. Approaching her sixth decade, Wade-Gayles examines
       society's definition of age and the commonly held expectations for,
       and stereotypes of, women as they get older. In another essay,
       Wade-Gayles reveals her fear and distrust caused by being the vic-
       tim of a robbery and attempted rape. She continues to fear for her-
       self, her daughters, and all women. Wade-Gayles discusses her
       teaching style and the expectations she has for her students at
       Spelman College. She writes about examining her teaching prior-
       ities following confrontations with several students who insisted
       that she had silenced them by ignoring lesbians in her assigned
       readings, topics, and discussions. In other essays, Wade-Gayles
       addresses the pain experienced by African-American women
       when African-American men marry white women. She takes us
       on her own journey through this issue and describes how she was
       able to resolve her feelings of anger. Wade-Gayles discusses the
       importance of Historically Black Colleges and Universities, which
       offer both a high-quality education and a freer, and more support-
       ive atmosphere. Wade-Gayles writes that they are generally over-
       looked by the media and are mistakenly considered by the gener-
       al public to offer a lower quality of education. Finally, she cele-
       brates the black community, her identity as a black woman, and
       her resolve to work for the betterment of black lives. Wade-Gayles
       writes,

                 Memory tells me that blackness is in my essence
                 as surely as blood is in my veins. It is an anten-
                 na I do not always know I am wearing, but
                 which is surely there, identifying me as a woman
                 who belongs to a group different in particulari-
                 ties    from   women    who   are   Asian,   Latina,
                 Chicana, Native American, or Jewish... .
                                                              (p. 195)
458      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



621. Wakamatsu, Jack K. (1918- ). Silent Warriors: A Memoir of
     America’s 4424 Regimental Combat Team. New York, New York:
     Vantage Press, 1995. 279 pages. ISBN: 0533114306.
       Notes: Originally published Los Angeles: JKW Press, 1992. ISBN:
       0941369447 (212 pages).
       Abstract:    Jack Wakamatsu      was   a sergeant with the 442nd
       Regimental Combat Team, an all Japanese-American regiment,
       throughout World War II. Drafted in 1940, Wakamatsu had
       already been promoted to the rank of sergeant at the time of the
       Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. Although many soldiers of
       Japanese descent were discharged at this time, Wakamatsu always
       had the support of his officers. Many of the men in his regiment
       were volunteers who were fierce in their dedication because they
       were fighting on behalf of their families and friends who were
       incarcerated in internment camps. Wakamatsu writes of his regi-
       ment's formation and training and their service in North Africa,
       Italy, and France.   He writes with admiration and warmth for all
       of his comrades, the many who were killed in action and the few
       who survived. He made a pledge to one of his comrades who died
       in battle that he would record the story of the 4424 in book form,
       a painful process he began forty years later. Wakamatsu was
       raised in Southern California. His parents were both Japanese
       nationals whose ideas did not fit in with their more traditional
       parents.    His   mother   married   Wakamatsu's   father,   who   was
       already established in the United States, and left Japan without
       asking permission or even telling her parents. Wakamatsu writes
       of the limited opportunities for Japanese Americans in California
       before the war. Many of the young people attended college, but
       the only employment opportunities they had were in farming,
       selling produce, or running restaurants. Drafted before complet-
       ing college, Wakamatsu was not interned with the rest of his fam-
       ily. However, he recounts many painful events surrounding the
       evacuation of the Japanese Americans from the West Coast, espe-
       cially the betrayal of friends by neighbors who destroyed or used
       for personal gain the homes, property, and land with which they
       had been entrusted. Wakamatsu, however, does not forget the few
       white Americans who remained true friends and did what they
       could to help and to alleviate the suffering, indignity, and pain of
       evacuation and incarceration. Following the war, the veterans and
       their families continued to face hatred and discrimination as they
       returned to the cities and towns they had been forced to leave by
       Executive Order 9066. Wakamatsu writes that even in post-war
       years there were still many wrongs to right, including undoing the
       Japanese nationals' inability to become naturalized citizens and
       the Pacific States Alien Land Law.
                               The Bibliography                              459


                    We fought for the rights of free expression and
                    opportunity for all. What else could we do to
                    make this nation great? We went to court to
                    obtain these basic rights, as other people in this
                    land took them for granted. The lesson we
                    learned is that human rights must never be taken
                    for granted. We went to war to defeat an enemy
                    of freedom, but now our foe was our own gov-
                    ernment. Does this make any sense at all?
                                                              (p. 257)

622. Walker,    Alice       (1944- ).   The Same   River   Twice: Honoring   the
     Difficult: A Meditation on Life, Spirit, Art, and the Making of the
     Film, The Color Purple, Ten Years Later.          New York, New York:
    Scribner,       1996.      302 pages;    photographs;      index.    ISBN:
    0684814196.
        Notes: Published in paperback, New York: Washington Square
        Press, 1997 as The Same River Twice: Honoring the Difficult. ISBN:
        0671003771 (307 pages).
        Abstract:       Well-known      author Alice Walker writes about the
        process of making her Pulitzer-prize winning novel The Color
        Purple into a motion picture. She tells of her struggle to decide
        whether she should sell the film rights to the book and how she
        was won over by the director Steven Spielberg and Quincy Jones,
        who wrote and produced the music. The book itself was contro-
        versial. Many critics accused Walker of liberating her black female
        characters at the expense of the masculinity of her black male
        characters. This controversy followed her throughout the making
        of the film and long afterwards. Although Walker was asked to
        write the screenplay for the film and spent several months doing
        so, the version used was written by Menno Myges, a Dutch immi-
        grant to the United States. Walker served as a consultant, advis-
       ing both Spielberg and Myges. She also worked to ensure that a
       large percentage of the technical staff were African American. The
       book contains the screenplay written by Walker, entries from her
       journal prior to the making of the film and long past its premier,
       many reviews of the film, correspondence Walker had with people
       connected with the film, and some fan letters.         In her correspon-
       dence and journal entries, Walker discusses her impressions of the
       work of Spielberg, makes detailed comments on music written by
       Jones, and writes about her growing appreciation for the actresses
       and actors, including Whoopi Goldberg in her first major film, and
       film veteran Danny Glover. She discusses her misgivings about
460      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



       changes in the story and shifts in the plot and their influence on
       the overall spirit of the film. Because the book meant so much to
       so many readers, Walker felt responsible for assuring that the
       movie would not let them down.     In the end, however, she decid-
       ed that the film version was necessary.      "So much of my con-
       stituency just doesn't read," she says. "People in other countries,
       in Africa, who can't read English. I know that people in my own
       hometown    [Eatonton, Georgia] might not read the book.       But I
       knew they would see the film. ... I wanted it to be there, to appear
       in the villages” (p. 175 as quoted in an article by Susan Dworkin
       published in Ms. magazine, December 1985).

623. Walton, Anthony. Mississippi: An American Journey. New York,
     New York: Knopf, 1996. 279 pages; photographs.         ISBN:
     0679446001.
       Notes: Also published New York: Vintage Books, 1997.           ISBN:
       0679777415.
       Abstract: Anthony Walton was born and raised in Aurora, Illinois.
       After graduating from Notre Dame University and earning a grad-
       uate degree from Brown University, he decided to explore the past
       and present state of race relations in the United States, in particu-
       lar in Mississippi, his ancestral home. To do so he made a number
       of trips to Mississippi with his mother, with his father, and on his
       own. Walton met relatives and spoke with strangers, both African
       Americans and whites and with people at both ends of the socioe-
       conomic spectrum.      He considers the history of the state of
       Mississippi and some of its more      famous residents, including
       Richard Wright, Medgar Evers, and William Faulkner.          Walton
       asks about race relations, social interactions, and work conditions
       both past and present. Walton visits Civil War sites, explores the
       history of school desegregation, and analyzes the blues. When
       Walton looks back at his father's life and compares it with his own
       relatively comfortable childhood and the range of opportunities
       open to him, he realizes that his father "created my privilege when
       he himself had none" (p. 212). Walton's mother, in talking about
       her childhood in Mississippi and her unfulfilled desire to attend
       the formerly all-white University of Mississippi, expresses regret
       that so many of the present generation of African-American youth
       seem to have neither knowledge of nor interest in the changes,
       through struggle and sacrifice, that her generation and those
       before her brought about. Walton believes that the history of
       Mississippi casts "a large shadow" over the American past and
       present: "To me, American amnesia about the past was perhaps
                          The Bibliography                                461


       worse than the many crimes that had been committed, because
       that willful refusal to confront history made impossible any mean-
       ingful action now" (p. 272). He concludes that it is important for
       both whites and blacks to acknowledge the past of slavery, Jim
       Crow, and the institutionalized debasement of one group of
       human beings and American citizens.
                 White Americans might understand and show
                 more compassion toward the problems of blacks
                 in New York, Chicago, Miami and Los Angeles
                 were they to admit that many of those situations
                 are best understood as continuations of the
                 tragedy of the South. Black Americans, in turn,
                 might reassess the true nature of their predica-
                 ment, and reassess their goals and possibilities.
                                                           (p. 273)

624. Wamba, Philippe E. (1971- ). Kinship: A Family's Journey in
    Africa and America.     New York, New York: Dutton, 1999.            383
    pages; index. ISBN: 0525943870.
       Notes: Published in paperback New York: Plume, 2000.            ISBN:
       0452278929.
       Abstract:   The son of an African-American mother and a
       Congolese father, historian Philippe Wamba uses his own family
       as a backdrop for a detailed study of Afro-American relations
       since slavery. Wamba was raised near Boston, Massachusetts. He
       moved with his family to Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, when his father
       was Offered a job at the national university and in the wake of the
       death of his elder brother from leukemia. During the family's time
       in Tanzania, Wamba's father attempted a trip to his native Zaire
       (now the Congo) and was arrested and imprisoned for a year for
       subversive activities. Wamba went to high school in the United
       States and was accepted at Harvard, where he studied African and
       African-American subjects. He discusses in detail the difficult and
       complex relationship that African Americans as a whole have had
       with Africa and Africans. For example, in the interest of solidari-
       ty, U.S. civil rights activists have publicly praised and supported
       dictatorships in Africa, much to the confusion of the general pop-
       ulace in those countries. Wamba also noticed that on U.S. cam-
       puses, African-American     students had little enthusiasm     for the
       political activities of African students and vice versa. He describes
       the era when freed American slaves went back to Africa, them-
       selves becoming colonists who manipulated and abused the
       indigenous population. On a lighter side, he discusses the assim-
462        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        ilation of popular culture by both sides. Wamba provides historic
        fact and his own theories of how the situations evolved and how
        relations might be improved. At the end of the book, Wamba's
        father is again involved in political activities in the Congo, and
        Wamba expresses his own hopes for the desperate situation:
                 Perhaps this war will do what no other war in
                 the Congo's history has: silence the guns once
                 and for all by returning power to the Congolese
                 people, allowing them to take control of their
                 own destiny. If the much-touted "African ren-
                 aissance” is to become reality, if the twenty-first
                 century is to be the moment of Africa's triumph,
                 perhaps it begins here.                    (p. 350)

625. Ward-Royster, Willa. How I Got Over: Clara Ward and the World-
     Famous Ward Singers. As told to Toni Rose. Foreword by
     Horace Clarence Boyer. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania: Temple
     University Press, 1997.   263 pages; photographs.        ISBN:
      1566394899 : 1566394902.
         Abstract: Gospel singers Willa and Clara Ward were the daugh-
         ters of the indomitable Gertrude and George Ward. Gertrude felt
         called to sing gospel music and, with her daughters, formed the
         Ward Singers.   Willa describes a childhood that included church,
         singing, and surviving the controlling wrath of their mother. The
         Ward Singers eventually became Clara Ward and the Famous
         Ward Singers. They toured the world, held long engagements in
         Las Vegas and played the Apollo Theater, Carnegie Hall, and jazz
         festivals. Willa broke away at the age of nineteen, getting married,
         having a baby, and living independently of her mother. Clara
         attempted to break away, but her mother always managed to con-
         vince her to come back. She had a brief marriage at the age of
         eighteen and then an attachment with Reverend C. L. Franklin, the
         father of Aretha Franklin. Her mother wrested her from both of
         these relationships. Willa tried to establish an independent career,
         but was never free of the interference of her mother, who would
         take over engagements, coax away her singers, and otherwise dis-
         rupt her professional activities. Clara always worked with her
         mother, and while she was beloved by music lovers around the
         world, she literally worked herself to death. Tired and depressed
         most of the time, Clara was dependent on alcohol and died at the
         age of fifty-one after suffering several strokes. Ward-Royster
         writes about the difficulties of fame, rising and falling fortunes,
         and the struggle to maintain a home life and career. She ends her
                            The Bibliography                              463


        story with messages to her late sister, mother, and father, and to
        her two daughters.

626. Ward, Samuel Ringgold (b. 1817). Autobiography of a Fugitive
     Negro, His Anti-Slavery Labours in the United States, Canada, and
     England.    Chapel Hill, North Carolina: Academic Affairs
     Library, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, 1999.
        http:/ /metalab.unc.edu/docsouth/ wards /ward.sgml
        http:/ /metalab.unc.edu /docsouth/wards/ward.html
        Notes: Documenting the American South (Project).

627. Watkins, Mel. Dancing with Strangers: A Memoir. New York,
     New York: Simon & Schuster, 1998.        320 pages. ISBN:
     0684808641.
        Abstract:     Watkins presents his life story through his graduation
        from college.     When still an infant, his family moved north from
        Memphis to Youngstown, Ohio, during the great northern migra-
        tion. In Youngstown, Watkins's father worked in the steel mills,
        and the family's fortunes followed those of the industry. The fam-
        ily moved into a section of the city that had rapidly shifted from
        an integrated to a primarily black neighborhood. The schools that
        Watkins's attended, however, were integrated.          His experience
        with racism was muted.
                    ... I never faced direct or overt segregation in
                    Youngstown.    In part it was luck, of course, but
                    primarily it was because as a child, I had usual-
                    ly followed the lead of others without ques-
                    tion—complied with the unwritten rules, and
                    without even knowing it, effectively stayed in
                    my place. Later, when I became aware of the
                    restrictions, I simply refused to put myself in a
                    position of asking or insisting on being accepted
                    anyplace where I was clearly unwanted.
                                                              (p. 145)

       In junior high and high school, Watkins turned to athletics as a
       way to belong and excel. After scoring in the top one percent of
       his high school class on a college aptitude test (and being asked to
       take the test over again because school administrators could not
       believe it), Watkins decided to take academics seriously and was
       courted by colleges from all over the country.         He accepted
       Colgate College's offer of an academic award that allowed him to
       play basketball, as opposed to an athletic scholarship which
464        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


        required him to participate in sports. While at mostly-white and
        exclusive Colgate, Watkins found himself struggling with the geo-
        graphic and social isolation. By his second year, he had resolved
        many of these issues and had begun to think more about being
        black in a white community and what his role might be in the
        growing Civil Rights Movement. Watkins spent one summer in
        Harlem while working for the New York Daily News, and it was
        there he discovered the multifaceted nature of African-American
        culture
                 It seemed evident to me that the bond that unit-
                 ed me and all these multicolored folks was not
                 some primal racial identity that defined charac-
                 ter and behavior but the externally imposed
                 experience of repression. I was convinced of it.
                 What was truly amazing to me was the richness
                 of the folk culture that had emerged despite the
                 oppression.                              (p. 302)
        Watkins graduated from Colgate and set off again for New York
        City, "determined to study and celebrate the cultural riches that
        had flowered from the so-called Negro's resilient spirit and bizarre
        American experiences" (p. 320).

628. Watson, Bernard C. Colored, Negro, Black: Chasing the American
      Dream.   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania: JOC Books, 1997.             265
      pages; photographs. ISBN: none.
         Abstract: Bernard Watson was born in Gary, Indiana. His moth-
         er graduated magna cum laude from Talladega College in
         Alabama at the age of fifteen and became a teacher. His father
         joined the army at nineteen and served in France during World
         War I. Seventy years after the Armistice, Watson wrote to
         Washington, D.C., to see why his father had received no medals
         despite his accomplishments in the army. Without any fanfare,
         Watson received three medals that his father had earned but had
         never been awarded. Watson juxtaposes his own story and activ-
         ities against the backdrop of the history of African Americans in
         this country, in Indiana and Philadelphia, within the armed serv-
         ices, and in the field of education. Watson settled on teaching as a
         career after graduating from the University of Indiana in 1951, but
         was unable to find employment. After working in the steel mills
         of Gary and military service, Watson went to graduate school at
         the University of Illinois and the University of Chicago. He
         earned his Ph.D. in two years while a fellow of the Midwest -
         Administration Center and then went with his wife to
                          The Bibliography                                   465


        Philadelphia to serve in the administration of Mark Shedd and
        Richardson Dilworth of the Philadelphia Public School System in
        1967. Watson describes his three years of service, which included
        racial strife, civil rights protests, near riots, and student takeovers.
        During this time, Watson was able to help improve the conditions
        for minority educators and students in Philadelphia. He later
        joined the administration at Temple University as Vice President
        for Academic Administration, where he brought more minorities
        into all levels of the school. His own office was ethnically diverse,
        and he pushed his secretaries and other staff to earn their degrees
        while they worked for him. Watson left Temple to become presi-
        dent of the William Penn Foundation, a grant-making institution
        which supports community building, culture, environment, and
        human development. Watson describes the politics of Gary and
        Philadelphia, the details of his work and contributions to educa-
        tion and to the fabric of the city of Philadelphia. He writes about
        his family and gives his views on child raising and his philosophy
        of education. He stresses the importance of caring for our children
        and the irony of the existence of malnutrition, poverty, and the
        lack of opportunity in a country such as the United States.
                 [H]ere in the United States, I see malnourished
                 children and homeless adults.       I see schools no
                 child should have to attend. I see parents strug-
                 gling mightily day after day to create a sense of
                 order for their families, trying to make their lives
                 better. In this, the richest country on earth, more
                 of us should be not only angry but ashamed.
                                                        (pp. 257-258)

629. Watson, Bob (1946- ). Survive to Win.         Written with Russ Pate.
    Nashville, Tennessee: T. Nelson Publishers, 1997.              240 pages;
    photographs. ISBN: 0785271937.
       Abstract: Baseball player Bob Watson was born in 1946 in South
       Central Los Angeles. He was introduced to baseball when he was
       eight years old. By the time he was in high school he was well
       known for his home runs and had earned the nickname "Bull." He
       attended Harbor Junior College in Wilmington, California, where
       he was noticed by a scout for the Houston Astros. In 1965, he was
       on his way to Cocoa, Florida, for the Astros training camp.
       Following spring training, Watson was sent to one of the team's
       class A affiliates in South Carolina. He was stunned by the viru-
       lent racism and segregation, not only in town, but on the team. As
       late as 1969, Watson and his fellow African-American ball players
466        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         found it impossible to find hotels or restaurants in the South in
         which they could stay. He recalls being forced to sleep in the team
         clubhouse while working as a catcher for a minor league team in
         Savannah, Georgia. After moving up through the minor leagues,
         Watson was in and out of the Astros major league starting line-up
         until 1970, when he was suddenly required at first base. He
         proved himself to be a powerful hitter, and he was chosen twice to
         play on the All-Star team. Watson also played for the Boston Red
         Sox, the New York Yankees, and the Atlanta Braves. After retiring
         in 1985, he was encouraged by his wife Carol to stay with baseball,
         and his first post-retirement job was as a part-time batting coach
         for the Oakland A's minor league teams.          He was then offered a
         position as assistant general manager with the Houston Astros,
         and then, in 1993, he was promoted to general manager, the first
         African American to be named to this position in major league
         baseball.    In 1995, he went to the New York Yankees and succeed-
         ed in taking the team to the World Series. He gives a full account
         of the Yankee 1995-96 winning season and their subsequent World
         Series victory. In the midst of his success as a general manager,
         however, Watson was diagnosed with prostate cancer. He was
         lucky to have been diagnosed while in the early stages of the dis-
         ease and had a successful operation and recovery. Watson writes
         about the inroads made by minority players at all levels of profes-
         sional baseball, including treatment, compensation, and equal
         access to accommodations throughout the United States.

630. Watson,      Henry (b. 1813).          The Narrative of Henry Watson.
      Chapel Hill, North          Carolina: Academic          Affairs Library,
      University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, 2000.
         http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu/neh/watson/watson.sgml
         http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu/neh/ watson /watson.html
         Notes:      Documenting the American South (Project).

631. Watson, Vernice.     You Can't Get There from Here: The Story of
      Music Industry Promoter Vernice Watson's Rise—From the Radio
      Kings of the 60s to the Gospel Explosion of the 90s. Written with
      Milton   B. Allen.       Baltimore,     Maryland:     Verlen   Publishing
      Company, 2000. 208 pages; photographs.               ISBN: 1892970007.

632. Wattleton, Faye. Life on the Line. New York, New York:
     Ballantine, 1996. 489 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0345392655 :
      0345416570.
                           The Bibliography                              467


         Abstract:   Faye Wattleton became the president of Planned
         Parenthood in 1978 at the age of thirty-four. She was the first
         woman to head the organization since its founder, Margaret
         Sanger, and the first African American ever to take the position. In
         her book, Wattleton provides her perspective on the volatile histo-
         ry of family planning and the abortion rights campaign in the
         United States.   As a child, Wattleton lived in both the North and
         South, in white communities and black, as she and her father fol-
         lowed her mother, a minister in the Church of God, from one
         church to the next. Wattleton was outspoken and precocious; she
         started school early and was quickly promoted two grades. She
         earned her degree in nursing from Ohio State University, and
         through her work as an obstetric and gynecological nurse, devel-
         oped her views on women's rights to choose, to obtain safe and
         effective birth control, and to have access to safe medical treat-
         ment.   As president of Planned Parenthood, Wattleton kept the
        organization in the public eye. Her work focused on defending
        Roe v. Wade, promoting international family planning services,
        preventing teen pregnancy, lobbying in Congress, and monitoring
        the Supreme Court. She also maintained a heavy speaking sched-
        ule. For the fourteen years she was in office, her leadership often
        caused controversy within the organization. To add to the tur-
        moil, the anti-abortion movement became increasingly aggressive
        in its opposition to Planned Parenthood, and emotions ran high on
        both sides of the debate. Wattleton resigned in 1991, completely
        exhausted from her work and the struggles within and outside the
        organization.

633. Webb, William (b. 1836). The History of William Webb. Chapel
     Hill, North Carolina: Academic Affairs Library, University of
     North Carolina at Chapel Hill, 2000.
        http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu /neh/webb/menu.html
        Notes: Documenting the American South (Project).

634. Weems, Renita J. (1954- ). Listening for God: A Minister’s Journey
     through Silence and Doubt. New York, New York: Simon &
     Schuster, 1999. 204 pages. ISBN: 0684833239 : 0684863138.
        Abstract: Renita Weems is a Methodist minister and professor of
        Old Testament Theology at Vanderbilt University. In this book she
        writes about what she calls her “seasons of faith," a phrase that
        helps her to describe her shifting relationship with God. Weems
        grew up in the Pentecostal Church but began attending a
        Methodist Church while in college. After a brief career on Wall
468        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         Street, she attended seminary and became a Methodist minister.
         Twelve years later she married a Baptist minister and began
         attending the Baptist Church with her husband: "Let's face it:
         there's nothing exotic about being a Methodist minister and ex-
         Pentecostal who is now married to a Baptist preacher. Nothing
         exotic about it at all" (p. 102). In this book, Weems describes her
         life of prayer and meditation and her personal struggle with her
         faith. She writes about her marriage and the challenge posed to
         two people who attempt to combine their fears, moods, insecuri-
         ties, and the ebb and flow of love in a sustained, positive relation-
         ship. Weems also discusses the importance of the experience of
         care-giving, whether for children, the sick, or the elderly, in order
         to develop a love of and sense of stewardship toward all of
         humanity. She explores the hectic life of motherhood, marriage,
         and career, which leaves little time to concentrate on prayer or
         meditation or professional activities such as writing. Weems is the
         author of several books including Just a Sister Away (1988), and I
         asked for Intimacy (1993).

635. Weglyn, Michi (1926- ). Years of Infamy: The Untold Story of
      America’s      Concentration    Camps.   Updated    edition.    Seattle,
      Washington: University of Washington Press, 1996. 351 pages;
      photographs. ISBN: 0295974842.
         Notes: Originally published New York, New York: William
         Morrow & Company, 1976. ISBN: 0688029965 : 0688079962.

636. Wells, Alethea A. Lady in the Moon. Wallingford, Kentucky:
     Unole Publishing Company, 1996.        247 pages.    ISBN:
      0964578719.
         Abstract:     Alethea Wells, a former fashion model and member of
         the United States Air Force, describes her years living alone in the
         mountains following the death of her mother. Wells had been
         planning to travel the length of the Trail of Tears from the
         Cherokee reservation in North Carolina to Tahlequa, Oklahoma,
         when she received a telephone call from a sister informing her that
         their mother had died. After a four-month-long drinking spree,
         Wells decided to go to the mountains to deal with her alcohol
         abuse. She found a cabin, cleaned it up, acquired a kitten and a
         horse, and began her solitary life. She tells of the different friends
         who joined her in her retreat and how she made a living growing
         beans and making and selling moonshine. Despite periods of bad
         health and insobriety, Wells managed to develop a reputation for
         her ability to handle horses and guns. In the end, she was run off
                          The Bibliography                                469


        of her property and forced to part with many of her animals,
        including her beloved horses. Wells intersperses her story with
        songs she has written for her friends. She now lives happily with
        her husband, writing books and songs and designing book covers.

637. Wells-Barnett, Ida B. (1862-1931). The Memphis Diary of Ida B.
     Wells. Edited by Miriam DeCosta-Willis. Foreword by Mary
     Helen Washington. Afterword by Dorothy Sterling. Black
     Women     Writers Series.    Boston, Massachusetts: Beacon Press,
     1995. 214 pages; photographs.        ISBN: 0807070645.
        Abstract: African-American journalist and civil rights activist Ida
        B. Wells-Barnett grew up during the years of Reconstruction fol-
        lowing the Civil War and experienced the great political and social
        advancements made by African Americans during that brief peri-
        od. Her diary, which she began at the age of twenty-four and kept
        between the years 1885 and 1887, is in manuscript form at the
        University of Chicago's Regenstein Library. Editor DeCosta-Willis
        has made it available in published form for the first time. In her
        diary, Wells-Barnett writes about her shaky confidence in her abil-
        ity to succeed in her chosen field of journalism. She was just
        beginning to earn a living as a teacher living away from her fami-
        ly. Wells-Barnett struggled with the confines of societal restric-
        tions on female behavior, both in the realm of courtship and with-
        in her profession. She describes her recreational activities, work,
        travels, illnesses, and expenses.  She also documents her suit
        against the railroads in which she challenges the "separate but
        equal accommodations" law, a case which went, albeit unsuccess-
        fully, to the Tennessee Supreme Court. Wells-Barnett chronicles
        her work with various civic organizations formed to protect
        African Americans from white violence. Included with this edi-
        tion of Wells-Barnett's diary are her 1893 travel diary recording her
        trip through England and Scotland to solicit support for her anti-
        lynching campaign, her 1930 Chicago diary, and a selection of her
        published articles.

638. West Dorothy.     The Richer, the Poorer: Stories, Sketches, and
     Reminiscences. Preface by Mary Helen Washington. New York,
     New York: Doubleday, 1995. 254 pages. ISBN: 0385471459.
        Notes: Published in paperback, New York: Anchor Books, 1996.
        ISBN: 0385471647.
        Abstract: Born at the turn of the twentieth century, Dorothy West
        began writing and selling her short stories as a teenager and has
470       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        continued to do so throughout her life. She wrote her first novel,
        The Living Is Easy, in 1948 and her second, The Wedding, which
        became a bestseller, in 1995. West was raised in a middle class
        family in Boston and in her twenties was in New York as part of
        the Harlem Renaissance. Her stories recall elements of her child-
        hood and youth. In one of the essays, "Fond Memories of a Black
        Childhood,” she describes a train trip her family took to their sum-
        mer home, and the puzzlement of white passengers at the exis-
        tence of a prosperous black family:
                 We were black Bostonians on a train full of white
                 ones. Because we were obviously going the
                 same way, laden as we were with all the equip-
                 ment of a long holiday, children, luggage, last-
                 minute things stuffed in paper bags, a protesting
                 cat in a carton, in addition to the usual battery of
                 disbelieving eyes, we were being subjected to
                 intense speculation as to what people with our
                 unimpressive ancestry were doing ona train that
                 was.carrying people with real credentials to a
                 summer sojourn that was theirs by right of birth.
                                                          (p. 172)
        In the 1930s, West worked as a welfare investigator, and her sto-
        ries began to reflect the contact with poverty she had then. After
        1945, West moved to Martha's Vineyard, where she had spent all
        of her childhood summers, and she lived there on a year-round
        basis until her death in 1998. The stories and essays in this collec-
        tion have all been published previously in magazines and news-
        papers, such as the New York Daily News and the Vineyard Gazette.

639. White, Barry. Love Unlimited: Insights on Life and Love. Written
      with Marc Eliot. New York, New York: Broadway Books, 1999.
      246 pages; photographs; discography. ISBN: 0767903641.
        Abstract: Barry White grew up in South Central Los Angeles. He
        was involved with gangs by the age of ten and in jail at fifteen. He
        was motivated to change his life by two desires: one to stay out of
        prison and the other to make his mother happy. In this pursuit,
        White quit school during his last semester of high school and
        walked to Hollywood to find a career in music. There he did a lit-
        tle of everything in the music industry, from helping out with
        recording sessions to writing and arranging songs to singing and
        touring. He eventually decided to produce his own group and
        began working with the female trio that would become Love
        Unlimited. At about the same time, White was contacted by his
                           The Bibliography                                471


        old friend Larry Nunes, who asked him to go into partnership
        with him in his production company Mo' Soul Production. This
        project gave White the cash he needed to rehearse and put togeth-
        er a first-rate debut album for Love Unlimited. It was a huge suc-
        cess. White thought that he would also like to work with a male
        singer and began writing songs and looking for possible talent.
        The "talent" turned out to be himself. His first album, like that of
        Love Unlimited, was a chart topper. White describes the intrica-
        cies of the music business and the ups and downs. He also writes
        about his family life, his marriage to Glodean of Love Unlimited,
        and their work together. He describes the problems he has had
        with the labels with which he has been affiliated, his long career,
        and the changing nature of his music as a soloist and with the
        Love Unlimited Orchestra. After forty years in the music busi-
        ness, White continues to seek to "open the door for you. The door
        to experience, knowledge, romance and soul" (p. 177).

640. White, Link Suh. Chesi’s Story: One Boy's Long Journey from War
    to Peace. Tallahassee, Florida: Father and Son Publishing, 1995.
    304 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0942407318.
        Abstract: White begins his story in 1950 in North Korea. He was
        working in a G.I. mess hall in the town of Hamhung, when he was
        invited to move with the U.S. troops when they evacuated. White
        (called Chesi, or "shorty" by the G.I.s) writes that politics had
        nothing to do with his decision, but rather his stomach. "Stomach
        first, 'isms' second" (p. 49).   With his father's permission, he left
       Hamhung and headed for Pusan in South Korea. He then worked
       at various jobs for the army until the war ended, at which time he
       was faced with the dilemma of no home and no family. A jour-
       nalist, A. T. White, Jr. noticed White (then Chesi) and offered to
       adopt him. In 1955, Chesi, now officially Link S. White, flew to La
       Guardia airport, where he was met by his new parents, A. T. and
       Helen White. They lived in Paramus, New Jersey, where White
       went to junior and senior high. He began college at Muhlenberg
       in Pennsylvania, but unsure of what he wanted to do with his life,
       he took a leave of absence after his sophomore year and joined the
       U.S. Army. The military sent him to Korea and Germany and to
       Officers’ Candidate School in Georgia. White went as a lieutenant
       to Okinawa and then to Vietnam. Following his tour of duty in
       Vietnam, he returned to Muhlenberg College and majored in
       humanities. He worked in an embassy position for the U.S. gov-
       ernment’and then for an aviation company for which he made a
       number of business trips to South Korea. Amazed by the progress
       and changes made there, he looks forward to the unification of
472         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



         north and south, "[flor, no one in this world is the greater loser
         from the continued division than the Korean people themselves"
         (p. 304).

641. White, Walter Francis (1893-1955).        A Man Called White: The
      Autobiography of Walter White. Athens, Georgia: University of
      Georgia Press, 1995.      382 pages.    ISBN: 0820317160 :
      0820316989.
         Notes: Originally published New York: Viking, 1948.

642. Whitmore, Terry. Memphis, Nam, Sweden. As told to Richard
     Weber. Jackson, Mississippi: University of Mississippi Press,
      1997. 202 pages. ISBN: 0878059830 : 0878059849.
         Notes: Originally published Garden City: Doubleday, 1971.

643. Wickham,        DeWayne.     Woodholme:   A Black Man's      Story of
      Growing Up Alone.      New York, New York: Farrar, Straus, and
      Giroux, 1995. 275 pages. ISBN: 0374292833.
         Notes:      Also published Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University
         Press, 1996. ISBN: 0801854024.
         Abstract: Journalist DeWayne Wickham was in third grade when
         his father murdered his mother and then killed himself. The five
         children in the family were split up and sent to live with various
         relatives. Wickham went to live with an aunt and uncle in
         Baltimore, Maryland, but his aunt's family of seven barely had
         enough money to meet their own needs. After a brush with crime
         and jail, he began to look for a legal way to make money. On the
         advice of a friend, he went to the Woodholme       Golf Course, a
         Jewish country club, to get a job as a caddy. Wickham spent four
         years working there. He describes his first summer during which
         he earned enough money to buy a full wardrobe of clothing, much
         of which was later stolen by a cousin. Wickham writes about his
         work and relationships with other caddies and the white golfers
         who treated the caddies with a strange mixture of respect and
         paternalism. Woodholme kept Wickham clothed and fed through-
         out his adolescent years. It also gave him a place to go away from
         home and away from school. Learning was a struggle for him,
         and he was kicked out of three high schools. Wickham finally had
         the good fortune to come under the wing of the vice-principal of
         Douglass High School, who continually encouraged him and
         made sure he had a second chance. During this time, his girlfriend
         got pregnant. Wanting to be a good father and to care for his girl-
                         The Bibliography                                473


        friend, Wickham decided not to finish high school and joined the
        United States Air Force instead.   In this work, Wickham acknowl-
        edges the individuals who cared about him and helped him to
        make positive decisions that kept him alive and heading, if by an
        indirect route, to a purposeful future. Wickham went on to
        become a journalist and a syndicated columnist for USA Today.

644. Wiley, Ralph. Serenity: A Boxing Memoir. New York, New York:
     Henry Holt and Company, 1989. 230 pages. ISBN: 0805006702.
        Notes: Also published Lincoln: University of Nebraska Press,
        2000. Includes new afterword by the author. ISBN: 0803298161
        (242 pages).
        Abstract: Ralph Wiley was raised in Memphis, but one of his ear-
        liest influences was his Uncle Charles in California. Uncle Charles
        had been a boxer in his youth, and Wiley looked to him to teach
       him how to fight off bullies. Wiley describes his friends and their
       various temperaments and tendencies toward fighting. After col-
        lege, Wiley was employed by the Oakland Tribune in Oakland,
       California. After a year as a copyboy, Wiley grabbed a chance to
       do a story on basketball great Julius Irving and was eventually
       moved into the sports section. His first beat was boxing, and he
       began to frequent the New Oakland Boxing Club, where many
       promising boxers were training. Wiley writes about the careers of
       boxers from the area, such as George Cooper, Erwin Williams, and
       Bashiru, a Nigerian student at UC Berkeley who wanted to box to
       earn money. He also writes about boxers he came across in Las
       Vegas, most notably Muhammad Ali as a young man and Joe
       Lewis just before his death. Along with boxers, Wiley comments
       on other boxing-related personalities, such as announcer Howard
       Cosell and promoter Don King. He describes the times and
       careers of the two "Sugar Rays," Robinson and Leonard, and his
       experiences with them. Another boxer featured is the young Mike
       Tyson. Wiley gives sympathetic opinions of some of Tyson's diffi-
       culties, notably his relationship with his former wife Robin Givens
       and the fight in which Tyson bit off the ear of Evander Holyfield.

645. Wilkens, Lenny.    Unguarded: My 40 Years Surviving in the NBA.
    Written with Terry Pluto.       New York, New York: Simon &
    Schuster, 2000. 302 pages. ISBN: 0684873745.
       Abstract: Wilkens grew up in Brooklyn, New York. His Irish-
       American mother and African-American father were married in
       1935, and when     Wilkins was five years old, his father died.
       Although   his mother   worked      hard, there was   never   enough
474        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


        money to make ends meet. Because Wilkens was a serious student
        and held a job to assist with the household finances, he didn't have
        much time for basketball. The Wilkens family was Catholic, and
        Wilkens and his siblings attended Catholic schools. Wilkens
        always felt encouraged and supported by the church and the
        priests connected with the school. One priest, a long-time mentor
        to Wilkens, recommended         him for a basketball    scholarship    to
        Providence College, knowing that it was the only way Wilkens
        would be able to continue his education.      Wilkens was accepted,
        and he joined one other African-American student in a freshman
        class of three hundred. In 1960, as he neared graduation from
        Providence, Wilkens, a defense specialist, was the number             one
        draft of the St. Louis Hawks. Wilkens remarks on the changes that
        have taken place within college basketball and with the NBA draft
        in the forty years since he began his professional career. Basketball
        was a good job when he was starting out, but players had no
        promise of fame or fortune. Wilkens played with the Hawks for
        eight years before moving to the Seattle Supersonics. In 1969, after
        one year as a player, he was asked to be their "player/coach." Bill
        Russell was the only other African-American coach, also a play-
        er/coach, in professional basketball at the time. Wilkens has
        played for and coached the Cleveland Cavaliers, coached the
        Atlanta Hawks and the Portland Blazers, was general manager to
        the Seattle Supersonics, and, as he wrote this book, he was coach-
        ing the Toronto Raptors.        He discusses racism in professional
        sports,   the current   state   of professional   basketball,   and   his
        thoughts on coaching and playing.

646. Williams, Barney (1929- ). I Remember to Forget.              New York,
      New York: Tom-Pat Publishing, 1998. 496 pages; photographs.
      ISBN: none.
         Abstract: Barney Williams grew up in Jacksonville, Florida. His
         father left home, but Williams was fortunate to have a caring and
         responsible stepfather. The family moved with him to New York
         City, where Williams spent most of his life. As an adult, he start-
        ed working for music distributors promoting new songs to the
        New York City radio stations. He was assigned to white as well as
        black radio stations, and then sent out on the road to do promo-
         tions throughout the country. During this time he worked for a
         variety of companies, including Capitol and Dementia. Willliams
         decided to set up his own business and began Bar-Wil Record
         Company and Tom-Pat Publishing (ASCAP). Despite his success,
         Williams developed a drinking habit which took over his life. He
         left the music business and drank until he was completely desti-
                           The Bibliography                              475


       tute. He entered a Salvation Army Shelter and was so impressed
       by the humane way in which he was treated and the sincere sup-
       port and respect that he received that he entered Salvation Army
       counseling, therapy and AA programs. Williams never returned
       to drinking, although he had many psychological and emotional
       traumas to work through over a lengthy period of time. He
       worked successfully in the Salvation Army programs and eventu-
       ally went on its regular payroll, managing the organization's
       stores. After he was assigned to Booth House II in the Bowery of
       New York, Williams reentered the music world. He also recon-
       nected with his family, a wife and seven children, but never told
       them about his period of homelessness. Williams worked at Booth
       House II until his retirement. He describes the services offered by
       the Salvation Army and the people connected to the organization,
       his work with the residents of Booth House II, his road back to
       self-esteem and self-respect, and his renewed ability to trust him-
       self and others enough to form friendships.

647. Williams, Edward C. My Life. Chapel Hill, North Carolina:
     Professional Press, 1998. 81 pages; photographs.    ISBN:
    1570874182.
       Notes: Originally published as Triumph of Another Black Man. New
       York, New York: Carlton Press, 1996, photographs.            ISBN
       0805252006 (62 pages).
       Abstract: Edward Williams suffered a severe head wound when
       he was quite young. Because of his family's rural isolation and the
       second-class treatment given to blacks in Louisiana by the medical
       profession, Williams never received a thorough examination, and
       he was never sure if he suffered permanent damage from the
       wound.   He was slow in school, and between having to help on the
       family farm and his apparent learning disabilities, Williams was
       still in sixth grade at age sixteen. In 1945, when Williams was sev-
      enteen, he quit school and joined the navy. After basic training, he
      was assigned to Steward Mates School.        The work, catering and
      bed making,    was    not to his liking, but it was better than farm
      work. After touring Asia on two carriers, Williams received an
      honorable discharge because of severe seasickness. Armed with
      the G.I. Bill, he set out to receive his high school education. The
      rest of Williams's story describes his efforts to get his diploma, his
      training as a medical laboratory technician, and his career in the
      United States Air Force in the medical field. During his air force
      career, Williams was promoted to staff sergeant. He served in
      Madison, Wisconsin, Mississippi, Ankara, Turkey, and elsewhere,
476        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


        before retiring after a final tour of duty in Denver,      Colorado.
         During his air force career, Williams married, and he and his wife
         had four children. The marriage failed because his work kept him
         away from home so much. Following his retirement from the mil-
       "itary, Williams worked as a private investigator and a Colorado
         peace officer. He returned to Louisiana and, after the failure of his
         second marriage, found work as a psychiatric aid. After retiring
        from this position, Williams     married   a woman    whom    he met
        through an "international companion" company.          They had one
        son together before Williams was diagnosed with prostate cancer.
        He describes his full recovery from cancer, but not without chron-
        ic complications due to his substandard treatment in the hospital.
        Williams does not look back with satisfaction on the course of his
        life, and he hopes that his new son will have a more rewarding
        one.

648. Williams, Gregory Howard. Life on the Color Line: The True
     Story of a White Boy Who Discovered He Was Black. New York,
      New York: Dutton, 1995.          285 pages; photographs.         ISBN:
      0525938508.
         Notes: Also published New York: Penguin Books, 1996.           ISBN:
         0452275338 : 0452275334.
         Abstract: Williams describes his early years in Virginia with his
         white mother, black father, and three siblings living above the
         family-owned-and-operated Open House Café, which, in defiance
         of local law, served both black and white patrons. Most summers,
         Williams and his younger brother Mike visited his maternal
         grandparents in Muncie, Indiana.        After one visit, the boys
         returned home to find that their mother had left with the younger
         children. As business deteriorated and their father began drinking
         more, they were left hungry and dirty. Williams's father finally
         packed up their things and moved the two boys to Muncie to live
         with a great aunt. On their trip to Muncie, Williams's father
         explained to the boys that they were black, that they would not be
         visiting their white grandparents, but living with their black rela-
         tives, and that from now on they would have to get used to the fact
         that they "were colored." Williams's paternal relatives in Muncie
         had barely enough money to feed themselves, let alone two grow-
         ing boys. The boys' father left them in the care of their great aunt,
         but they were soon sent to their grandmother, who, like their
         father, was an alcoholic. The boys had little to eat and no clean
         clothes. They were eventually rescued by a friend of the family,
         Miss Dora, who raised them on her income of twenty-five dollars
                         The Bibliography                               477


        a week until they left home. Williams describes the difficulty of
        looking white and being black and of being embraced grudgingly
        by his black family and rejected completely by his white family.
        Williams was determined to lead a different life from his father.
        He worked hard at school and participated in sports. Determined
        to be a lawyer, Williams attended Ball State University while
        working full time as a sheriff's deputy. He went on to earn a mas-
        ter's degree, a law degree, and a doctorate. He has been a history
        teacher, a lawyer, and a law professor.     At about age twenty,
       Williams and his brother were reunited with their mother. His
       mother was eager to have the boys rejoin her family, but Williams
       realized that this meant rejecting his black family, especially Miss
       Dora. Because he was not prepared to turn his back on his life in
       Muncie, he rejected his mother's offer.   He writes, "I realize now
       that Iam bound to live out my life in the middle of our society and
       hope that I can be a bridge between races, shouldering the heavy
       burden that almost destroyed my youth" (p. 284).

649. Williams, Hallie E. The Living Legacy.     [Virginia]: H. E.
     Williams, 1996. 100 pages; photographs. ISBN: none.
       Abstract: Hallie Williams has written a brief history of her life to
       leave to her three children, Eddie, Gregory, and Kelli Lynne. Born
       in 1941, Williams grew up in Newport News, Virginia. She pro-
       vides brief histories of her mother and father. Williams's father
       was her mother's second husband. Williams's siblings were from
       her mother's first marriage and were grown by the time Williams
       was born.   Williams writes about her activities growing up, her
       schools and teachers, the neighbors, and the families at her church.
       She met her husband while in high school, and although she had
       planned to attend Hampton Institute, she became pregnant and
       stayed home to raise her child.    She left Newport News to live
       with her husband while he was stationed in Abilene, Texas. From
       there they spent three years in Hawai'i. It was while living in
       Hawai'i that Williams became a civilian employee with the mili-
       tary. She worked at the base at Pearl Harbor, and when she and
       her husband returned to Virginia, she began working at Fort
       Monroe. She worked in a variety of divisions before retiring in
       1995. Williams and her husband divorced in 1977. She concludes
       her life story by writing about her post-marriage loves, providing
       short narratives about her children, and presenting photographic
       collages of her grandchildren.
478         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



650. Williams, James (b. 1825). Life and Adventures of James Williams,
      a Fugitive Slave with a Full Description of the Underground
      Railroad.      Chapel   Hill, North   Carolina:   Academic     Affairs
      Library, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, 2000.
         http:/ /docsouth.unc.edu/neh/ williams /menu.html
         Notes: Documenting the American South (Project).

651. Williams, Jayson. Loose Balls: Easy Money, Hard Fouls, Cheap
     Laughs & True Love in the NBA. Written with Steve Friedman.
      New York, New York: Doubleday, 2000.              276 pages; photo-
      graphs; index. ISBN: 038549226x.
         Notes: Also published in paperback New York: Broadway Books,
         2001. ISBN: 0767905695.
         Abstract:    Jayson Williams tells about his basketball career from
         the time he was a reluctant first-draft pick for the Phoenix Suns,
         through his years under the wing of Charles Barkley with the
         Philadelphia 76ers, to his best years with the New Jersey Nets.
         Williams describes the traps of fame and money, including sex,
         alcohol, and drugs, and the personalities, foibles, and virtues of
         his team mates and competitors. He also talks about race relations
         in the NBA and friendships, rivalries, losing teams, and unhappy
         players. Williams writes about his development as a player. His
         first years were tarnished by his drinking and lack of self-control,
         and most of his time with the Suns and the 76ers was spent on the
         bench. With the Nets, he developed his skills as a rebound player
         and became an All-Star player. Despite the Nets lengthy losing
         streak, Williams found the motivation to excel that he had previ-
         ously lacked. In the book, he also talks about his family. Williams
         grew up in South Carolina and New York City. In the former,
         especially, his white mother and black father made him somewhat
         of an anomaly, not only in town, but with family both black and
         white. Now the adoptive father of the children of his two half-sis-
         ters who died of AIDS, Williams maintains that, while he enjoys
         the fame and fortune of being an NBA All-Star, he looks forward
         to the day he retires, marries, and has more children: "All I want
         to do when I retire is love my family, my wife and my kids and my
         parents" (p. 263).
                          The Bibliography                              479


652. Williams, Montel.      Life, Lessons, and Reflections.   Written with
     Daniel Paisner.     Carlsbad, California: Mountain Movers Press,
     2000.   73 pages.   ISBN: 1588250016.
        Abstract: Williams, the author of Mountain Get out of My Way,
        writes an inspirational work about maintaining a positive attitude
        after he was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in 1999. Williams
        is donating all proceeds from the book, which was published by
        his own publishing company, to the Montel Williams MS
        Foundation.

653. —. Mountain, Get out of My Way: Life Lessons and Learned Truths.
     Written     with Daniel   Paiser.   New   York, New      York: Warner
     Books, 1996. 207 pages. ISBN: 0446519073 : 0446604178.
        Notes: Also published in a large print edition Thorndike, Maine:
        Thorndike Press, 1996. ISBN: 0786208228.
        Abstract: Talk show host Montel Williams talks about his life and
        philosophy. Williams was raised with three siblings in a family
        headed by a hardworking father who was also a strict disciplinar-
        ian. After high school, Williams enlisted in the U.S. Marines and
       was recommended for a prep school that eventually led to his
       acceptance by the Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland. Of
       forty marines who entered the prep school, he was one of just four
       who graduated from the academy. After graduation he became a
       cryptologic officer in the Navy. He excelled at his work and
       enjoyed it, but his life changed when he was asked by a friend to
       give a talk at a MORE (Minority Officer Recruiting Effort) leader-
       ship seminar aimed at getting high school students to enlist in the
       armed forces. His talk was an enormous success, and he realized
       that this, more than code breaking, was what he was meant to do.
       Schools all over the East eagerly agreed to have him speak to stu-
       dents, but the Navy only reluctantly allowed him to schedule talks
       and refused to sponsor him in any way. Williams left the Navy to
       be able to spend more time speaking and spent the next two years
       traveling throughout the country. He writes about his message:
       "What I had to say was basic: stay in school, stay off drugs, set
       realistic goals and work to accomplish them. I expanded on my
       themes of restraint, responsibility, and respect to include the hot-
       button issues facing each community" (p. 170). As he became
       known, local television stations occasionally broadcast his
       talks. This led to several television specials and eventually to The
       Montel Williams Show. Despite the pressure for talk shows to
       cover sensational topics, Williams has worked hard to keep his
       program focused on topics pertinent to and helpful for young
       people.
480        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



654. Williams, Neil Allen O'Rourke.        Let Your Spirit Shine: A Poetic
      Memoir. New York, New York: Vantage Press, 1998. 97 pages.
      ISBN: 0533116406.
        Abstract: This book is primarily a collection of poetry inspired by
        his family and the events of Williams's childhood and youth. He
        also writes a brief autobiography describing his childhood.
        Williams's mother was the daughter of Irish immigrants, and his
        father's background was African American and Seminole Indian.
        His parents sent him for financial reasons to live with his grand-
        parents in Florida when he was ten months old. He remained
        with his grandparents for ten years. During that time, Williams
        had the benefit of many      role models,   both male   and female,
        including teachers, pastors, and the many friends of his grandpar-
        ents. He believes that African-American children had to study
        much harder than their white counterparts because they were
        learning African-American history along with the standard histo-
        ry lessons. "I would not trade this experience because I would
        learn later that white kids did not learn as much as we did about
        our resilience as a people" (p. 9). He did not move back with his
        parents until he was ten, by which time there were eight children
         in the family. Williams writes,
                  I remain convinced that we must continue to
                  progress on this journey up the road apiece,
                  despite exceptions to progress often seen in the
                  state of American race relations, and America's
                  internal period of redefining what it means to be
                  an American in this vast global society.   (p. 23)

655. Williams, Thomas Edgar. Gold Street: A 56 Year Odyssey Which
      Ends Where It Begins, on Gold Street in Baltimore.         Baltimore,
      Maryland: Gateway       Press, 1997.     272 pages; photographs;
      maps. ISBN: none.

656. Willis, Rudolph E. To Walk in My Shoes: Saving Grace on a Less
     Traveled Road. Fort Bragg, California: Lost Coast Press, 2000.
      179 pages; photographs. ISBN: 188289734x.
         Abstract: Willis moved to the Cabrini-Green housing projects in
         Chicago in 1962, when he was twelve. For his family, this was a
         move upward, but they found a mere continuation of their grind-
         ing poverty, a growing violent and criminal element, spiritual and
         physical hunger, and hopelessness. Willis's father, a decorated
         World War II veteran, was chronically unemployed, and the fami-
                              The Bibliography                            481


        ly was on and off of General Relief. Willis was exceptionally
        bright. He taught himself to read before he could talk fluently. He
        excelled in school and was accepted at Lane Technical High
        School, a selective school for gifted students. Willis blocked out
        the reality of Cabrini-Green by surrounding himself with books
        and spending most of his time in his room reading and studying.
        He attended Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois, where
        he blossomed under the mentorship of such professors as Dr.
        Welks in the sciences, Rabbi Vogel in religious studies, and South
        African poet-in-exile, Dennis Brutus. A premed student, Willis
        was accepted into the medical school at Washington University
        during his junior year at Northwestern. He writes about his pro-
        fessors, internships, rotations in various medical departments,
        and residency. He writes about professors who sought to develop
        and nurture great doctors and those who actively discouraged and
        blocked the success of students. Finally, Willis writes about his fel-
        lowship at the National Cancer Institute, the controversy sur-
        rounding Dr. Robert Gallo and the discovery of the AIDS virus,
        and his own professional work as an oncologist. Willis empha-
        sizes treating patients with dignity and recognizing each patient's
        individual worth. He writes of the importance of helping them to
        maintain or develop an attitude of hope and possibilities: "[M]any
        of us do a remarkable job repairing broken bodies. But this is too
        often done with a cold heart. Human beings are much more than
        the flesh we attempt to revive. And more often than not, it is a bro-
        ken spirit that causes us to lose the battle" (p. 179).

657. Wilson, Sunnie.      Toast of the Town: The Life and Times of Sunnie
    Wilson.   Written with John F. Cohassey.          Great Lakes Books.
    Detroit, Michigan: Wayne State University Press, 1998.                200
    pages; photographs. ISBN: 0814326951.
        Abstract:    Sunnie Wilson was born in 1908 in Columbia, South
        Carolina.   His mother was a maid who traveled with the people
        she worked     for.   Wilson never knew his father, and so he was
       raised by his grandmother and aunts. Wilson dropped out of high
       school for a time to work in New York, but returned to South
       Carolina to finish high school and to attend Allen University,
       where he was an art and theater major. Wilson then made his way
       to Detroit, where he began managing bands and producing shows.
       Although he often cooperated with police and counted many of
       them among his friends, Wilson and his club patrons were often
       subjected to arbitrary harassment. He challenged this treatment,
       filing complaints and testifying at hearings. Wilson also promot-
       ed boxing matches. He sometimes ordered his boxers to use
482        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


        strong-arm tactics: to convince white restaurant owners to deseg-
        regate their businesses and to prevent landlords from evicting
        tenants in the dead of winter. Wilson owned or co-owned many
        establishments, including the Brown Bomber's Chicken Shack (an
        enterprise he shared with Joe Louis), the Forest Club, the Mark
        Twain Hotel, and Sunnie's Celebrity Room. He also ran business-
        es in the black-owned Idlewild Resort. In addition, Wilson was
        active in politics and ran for mayor of his community, Paradise
        Valley. Wilson describes the devastation of the 1943 Detroit race
        riots, during which his apartment and all of his belongings were
        destroyed by members of the Detroit police, and the riots of 1967.
        Wilson describes the urban renewal of the early 1960s that
        destroyed much of the community of Paradise Valley and many
         landmarks of Detroit black history.

658. Winans, CeCe.     On a Positive Note: Her Joyous Faith, Her Life in
      Music, and Her Everyday Blessings. Written with Renita Weems.
      New York, New York: Pocket Books, 1999. 218 pages; photo-
      graphs. ISBN:-0671020005 : 0671020013.
         Abstract: Singer CeCe Winans was the first girl to be born into a
         family with seven boys. She was followed by two more girls for a
         total of ten children. The children were raised by their parents
         within the strict guidelines of the Church of God in Christ. She
         was not allowed to participate in most outside activities of other
         girls, didn't wear makeup or jewelry, wore longer dresses, and
         never wore pants. The children did not go to movies, join clubs,
         dance, or even play cards, so CeCe was most comfortable being
         with her family and at church. The entire Winans family enjoyed
         singing together, both at home and in church. Each year during
         the Christmas season, her parents organized a Winans Family con-
         cert at Detroit's Mercy College. After graduating from high
         school, Winans and her older brother BeBe received an invitation
         to audition for Jim and Tammy Bakker's PTL Singers in North
         Carolina. Both of them were accepted, and they stayed with the
         group for three years. It was during this time that BeBe and CeCe
         began their career as a duo. Following their PTL years, the two
         signed a contract with Sparrow Records. They specialized in a
         cross between gospel and rhythm-and-blues and had several
         chart-topping hits. In 1995, CeCe recorded her first solo album
         and gave her first solo concerts. In 1996, she won a Grammy and
         two Dove Awards (the annual awards for Christian and Gospel
         music), including best female vocalist. She views her singing as a
         ministry to God, and this remains her foremost motivation in per-
         forming and recording.   She writes,
                            The Bibliography                              483


                   My whole life is good, despite all the ups and
                   downs.   It always has been.    I've grown up. I'm
                   both the shy, quiet girl from Detroit who had to
                   be forced into the limelight to sing her first solo,
                   and I am a performer making decisions about
                   her career, negotiating with industry heads who
                   is unafraid to say no.                     (p.2k7)

659. Winfrey, Oprah (1954- ). The Uncommon                 Wisdom of Oprah
    Winfrey: A Portrait in Her Own Words. Edited by Bill Adler.
    New York, New York: William Morrow & Company, 1996. 290
    pages. ISBN: 0688143822.
       Notes:   Also published by New York: Carol Publishing Group,
       1997. ISBN: 1559724196 : 0806518944.
       Abstract: Adler has compiled a collection of Oprah's quotations
       and interview excerpts and grouped them into categories to make
       this "autobiography." Oprah discusses her childhood, her entry
       into a career in television, the creation and evolution of her talk
      show, and the founding of her media enterprise, Harpo Studios.
      Winfrey's views on love, men, and marriage are also included
      here, as well as her views on politics, her humanitarian interests,
      and other causes that are important to her. Winfrey was born in
      Kosciusko, Mississippi, and had an early childhood of rural
      poverty. She began learning to read at the age of three, so that by
      the time she finally started school she was skipped several grades.
      After her parents separated, she found that she preferred life with
      her father and stepmother, who encouraged her to learn and
      demanded that she work hard. Before entering her career in tele-
      vision, Winfrey won several beauty pageants and was crowned
      Miss Fire Prevention, Miss Black Nashville, and Miss Black
      Tennessee. Despite this, she has never thought of herself as beau-
      tiful and feels that she won the titles because of her talent and
      poise.   Winfrey's first professional television work was in
      Baltimore,     Maryland,   where   she worked     for four years before
      heading to Chicago to begin her own show. Winfrey describes
      what she has sought to accomplish through her widely acclaimed
      talk show and how her programming has changed as she has
      grown asa professional. She also talks about her acting career, her
      relationship with Stedman Graham, her struggle with weight, and
      her goals for the future.
484       Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



660. Wing, Kathleen Kong. Inside the Oy Quong Laundry. Written
     with Carolyn Wing Greenlee.          3'4 Edition. Kelseyville,
     California: Earthen Vessel Productions, 1998. 175 pages; pho-
     tographs; letters. ISBN: 1887400133.
       Notes: First edition published in 1995. ISBN: 1887400087 (88
       pages). Revised edition published in 1996.
       Abstract:    Kathleen   Kong Wing,       a first generation   Chinese
       American, was born in Merced, California. She was one of six chil-
       dren, three boys and three girls. Her parents emigrated to the
       United States from China. Her father entered the country as a
       "paper son," using false documents which identified him as hav-
        ing been born in the United States. He returned to China to marry
        and returned to the United States nine years later, followed by his
        wife and child, Wing's mother and brother. The Kong family busi-
        ness was the Oy Quong laundry. Wing describes how hard her
        parents worked, especially her mother.       In China, the women
        worked very hard all day, but because they lived in close-knit vil-
        lages, they socialized regularly with friends and family. In
        Merced, Wing's parents worked, took care of the children and the
        house and the cooking, but had no friends to relax with. Her
        mother, who had lived in China much longer than her father and
        never gave up traditional Chinese ideas and practices, was distant
        and very strict. She made it very clear that boys were more valu-
        able than girls. Wing grew up feeling that she was useless to the
        family. She remembers an argument between her parents late at
        night during which she believes her father was telling her mother
        that she could not kill their youngest daughter, a practice which
        was fairly common in China. Wing has many memories of overt
        racism and discrimination in Merced. It was a tradition that honor
        students graduating from the local high school were automatical-
        ly given employment in town, but Wing, one of four graduating
        honor students, did not benefit from this practice. "The way we
        always lived, we were never superior to anybody and we were
        never inferior to anybody. It infuriated us to be treated as if we
        were inferior just because we walked by and we looked a little dif-
        ferent” (p. 105). Wing worked for her parents in their new Lincoln
        Market and married Tom Wing, an herbalist and chiropractor. She
        concludes her story with the death of her father, who was hit by a
        car. The family spent the entire day in the hospital with him until
        he died, and during that time, not one doctor or nurse came in to
        monitor his progress or to treat him.
                           The Bibliography                                   485


661. Wing, Thomas W. (1915- ). Son of South Mountain and Dust.
     Written with Carolyn Wing Greenlee. Illustrated by Thomas
     W. Wing and Duncan Chin. Kelseyville, California: Earthen
     Vessel Productions,        1999.   149 pages; illustrations.           ISBN:
     1887400273.

662. Wingo, Dorothy Maria. The Imperfect Dream. New York, New
     York: Vantage Press, 1998. 95 pages. ISBN: 053312302x.

663. Witt,  Edwin T.    Witt’s End.   Victorville, California:              E&C
     Publishers, 1996. 361 pages. ISBN: 0966370007.
        Abstract:     Witt writes both about his childhood in a segregated
        neighborhood      of Birmingham, Alabama,      and the conditions of
        African Americans in general during that time. Born in 1920, Witt
        experienced the deprivation of the Great Depression. His family,
        however, raised vegetables, chickens, and hogs, and so benefited
        from a balanced diet. Witt remembers the malnourished look of
        the children who subsisted on little more than biscuits and syrup.
        His home life was chaotic. His parents made a tenuous living sell-
        ing moonshine      and participating in the numbers       racket.     His
        father, an alcoholic, abused both Witt and his mother. Witt was
        kicked out of the house when he was fourteen, and his mother was
        later murdered. No charges, however, were ever brought against
        his father or anyone else. Witt recalls the conditions of segregation
        and the reign of terror carried out by Eugene H. (Bull) Connor
        who was elected Commissioner of Public Safety in Birmingham in
        1932. Black men were frequently accused of rape and murder.
        Most of the time these accusations were false, and "justice" was
        often dispatched by a lynch mob. Witt had the benefit of many
        fine teachers and doctors who inspired him to pursue an educa-
        tion. Unable to save the money necessary to attend the Tuskegee
        Institute, Witt attended nearby Miles College. Following gradua-
        tion, he was accepted at Meharry Medical College in Nashville,
        Tennessee. He became a pediatrician and practiced in Harlem,
        Los Angeles, and Las Vegas. Witt also had affiliations with sever-
        al public institutions, including as an assistant clinical professor at
        the Martin Luther King, Jr. Hospital in Willowbrook, California.

664. Woods, Victor Martin.         A Breed Apart: One Man’s Journey to
    Redemption,       Through   Friendship,    Humiliation     and   Spiritual
    Evolution.      Written with Earl N. Caldwell.        Chicago, Ilinois:
    A.B.A. Publishing, 1998. 578 pages. ISBN: 0966490401.
486        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



665. Wright, Mary Herring (1924- ). Sounds like Home: Growing Up
     Black and Deaf in the South. Washington, D.C.: Gallaudet
      University     Press,   1999.   282 pages;    photographs.       ISBN:
      1563680807.
         Abstract:   Mary Herring Wright was born into a large family in
         1924.   She lived in the community of Iron Mine, North Carolina,
         and attended a two-room school. She describes the community as
         strictly segregated, with most white businesses on Front Street and
         the black businesses on Back Street. She was nine years old when
         she began to suffer from an inflammation in her left eye which
         seemed to be connected with her growing inability to hear. By the
         time the inflammation left her left eye and traveled to her right,
         she was almost completely deaf. Her condition was never diag-
         nosed and her hearing did not return. Although she felt left out
         and lonely, Wright was very attached to her family and especially
         her mother. When her parents decided to send her to the state
         school for the deaf and blind, where children were boarded the
         entire school year, the transition was difficult for her. Despite her
         homesickness, however, Wright thrived at the school, developing
         friendships and maturing to adulthood. When it came time to
         leave, Wright was unsure as to her readiness to face life away from
         the school and people who understood and accepted her.           She
         moved to Washington, D.C., to live with a cousin, and got a job
         with the Department of the Navy.       Wright eventually returned
         home to North Carolina to care for her sick mother.        Later, she
         married James Wright and raised a family of four children.

666. Wyman, Nona Mock. Chopstick Childhood in a Town of Silver
     Spoons: Orphaned at the Ming Quong Home, Los Gatos, California.
     Walnut Creek, California: MQ Press, 1999. 280 pages; photo-
      graphs. ISBN: 0835126455.
         Notes: Previously published in 1997. ISBN: none (320 pages).
         Abstract: Wyman lived alone with her mother in San Francisco's
         Chinatown until she was two-and-a-half years old. One day her
         mother and a stranger took a drive with her and left her in Los
         Gatos, California, at the Ming Quong Home, an orphanage for
         Chinese girls begun through the good works of Donaldina
         Cameron in the early part of the century. Although traumatized
         by her sudden and inexplicable abandonment, Wyman learned to
         love the home. The teachers were not demonstratively affection-
         ate, but they were caring and nurturing. All the girls were well
         cared for, attended the local public school, and made life-long
                         The Bibliography                                    487


        friends. As the youngest and the only one not in school, Wyman
        received ample attention from both the teachers and the older
        girls. The home gave instruction in Chinese, fed the girls Chinese
        food, and taught them respect for themselves and their culture.
        Wyman was not to learn anything about her mother or the reasons
        for their separation until she was much older and reunited with
        the remnants of her family, including a brother and sister who had
        also been sent to orphanages. Wyman looks back over the events
        of her childhood and adolescence at Ming Quong, describes the
       history of the home and its mission, and reports on its current state
       and role. Wyman currently owns a clothing and gift shop in
       Walnut Creek, California, which she calls Ming Quong. Her son
       operates the MQ jewelry store next door.

667. X, Marvin. Somethin’ Proper: The Life and Times of a North
     American African Poet. Castro Valley, California: Black Bird
    Press, 1998. 277 pages; photographs. ISBN: 0964967219.
       Abstract: Activist, poet, and playwright Marvin X, born Marvin
       K. Jackmon, grew up in Oakland and attended Oakland City
       College and San Francisco State University. He got his first intro-
       duction to black nationalism when he met Richard Thorne and
       Black Panther Huey Newton. He dropped out of San Francisco
       State to start the Black Arts West Theater, but continued to partic-
       ipate in the Black Student Union. X's contacts grew to include
       African-American      activists   LeRoi   Jones   (Amiri   Baraka),   Ed
       Bullins, Ethna Wyant, Eldridge Cleaver, and Bobby Seale, and his
       activities broadened to include work in the black theater move-
       ment in New York, Chicago, Philadelphia, and San Francisco.
       During the Vietnam Conflict, X evaded the draft and sought asy-
       lum in Canada, where he renounced his U.S. citizenship. He
       returned to the United States to teach drama and English in the
       Ethnic Studies Department at Fresno State University, but his
       appointment was controversial. Students and faculty alike were
       divided in their opinions of him, and Governor Ronald Reagan
       worked to have his position terminated. From Fresno, X went to
       Mexico. He was arrested there and deported to the United States,
       where he stood trial for draft evasion and served five months in a
       minimum security prison. In his book, X writes of his conversion
       to the Nation of Islam and his continuing fight against cocaine
       addiction and alcoholism. Marvin X has written numerous books
       of poetry, including Fly to Allah: Poems (1969), Liberation Poems for
       North American Africans (1983), and Love and War: Poems (1995).
       His plays include Take Care of Business (1967), The Black Bird: A One
       Act Play (1969), and One Day in the Life (1996). He is the founder
488      Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



       of the Recovery Theater, Black Bird Press, and the newsletter
       Poetletter (http: /www.marvinx.com).

668. Young, Al. Drowning in the Sea of Love: Musical Memoirs.
     Hopewell, New Jersey: Ecco Press, 1995. 273 pages. ISBN:
     0880013885.
       Abstract: Poet Al Young is a native of Mississippi and was raised
       in Detroit, Michigan. He has written a series of vignettes that pair
       a memory of a particular event, place or emotion with a particular
       performer and song. Young describes his travel by ocean liner to
       Portugal during which he met and bonded with the African-
       Portuguese cook; the inner confusion he felt and the outward hos-
       tility he provoked by driving an old used Mercedes which cost
       him $600.00 and which he finally sold for a Datsun 510 wagon;
       and working at the docks for the U.S. Postal Service hauling sacks
       of mail to the trucks under a criminally insane supervisor. He
       recalls hearing Billie Holiday's rendition of "What a Little
       Moonlight   Can   Do"   on a particularly beautiful     evening   in
       Australia and a life-changing ride that he hitched with a snowy-
       haired man who charged him with studying and thinking until he
       felt he could explain God to an eight year old. Young imagines a
       Robert Leroy Johnson Memorial Museum complete with tour
       guide, Luther Washington, in Greenwood, Mississippi, and he
       considers the music and influence of this famous blues man.
       Music connects him to the tragedy of his brother's suicide, the sad-
       ness of his wife's illness, and the death of his mother after a long
       life. Young's love and knowledge of music covers rock, pop, jazz,
       zydeco, gospel, and soul.

669. Young, Andrea (1955- ). Life Lessons My Mother Taught Me.
     New York, New York: Jeremy P. Tarcher/Putman, 2000. 255
     pages; photographs. ISBN: 1585420077.
       Abstract: Although this work is primarily a biography of Young's
       mother, Jean Childs, Young writes about how her mother's words
       and behavior have influenced her own life. Young, who is an
       attorney and has worked as a policy analyst, activist, and writer,
       is, like her mother, an independent woman      who balances career,
       family, and a busy husband. Besides influencing Young's roles as
       a mother and wife, Childs passed on a commitment to communi-
       ty service, and caring for others as well as a strong belief in the
       importance of education and the importance of knowing your his-
       tory. Young's father is civil rights activist Andrew Young.
                         The Bibliography                                 489


670. Young, Andrew (1932- ). An Easy Burden: The Civil Rights
     Movement and the Transformation of America. New York, New
    York: HarperCollins, 1996. 550 pages; photographs; index.
    ISBN: 0060173629 : 0060928905.
       Abstract: Andrew Young describes his family, his childhood, his
       education, and the ideas and organizations that led him to his
       work in the Civil Rights Movement. He writes about the move-
       ment and its successes,    trials, and tragedies, his own    contribu-
       tions, and the contributions of those with whom he worked.
       Young was born in New Orleans to parents who were successful
       professionals. His father was a dentist, and his mother taught
       school. They viewed education as the highest possible attainment
       and hoped that Young would follow in his father's footsteps by
       becoming a dentist. Young started school at the third grade level
       and was nineteen when he graduated from Howard University.
       While working with the youth programs of the United Church of
       Christ, in Hartford, Connecticut, Young was introduced to nonvi-
       olent theory and the writings of Ghandi. He decided to enroll in
       Hartford Seminary despite the disappointment this would mean
       to his parents. He met his wife, Jean Childs, while filling in as pas-
       tor at a small church in Alabama. She was independent-minded
       and determined to maintain her own identity. She earned a mas-
       ter's degree while raising their three daughters. After graduation
       from seminary, Young's first full-time call was to Bethany
       Congregational Church in Georgia. While serving the church, the
       Youngs became     active in the black voter registration drive, and
       Young's belief in nonviolent confrontation was put to the test
       when the activities of the black community attracted the attention
       of the Ku Klux Klan. From Georgia, Young and his family moved
      to New York City, where he worked for the National Council of
      Churches (NCC).     He became involved with the Southern
      Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC) and Martin Luther King,
      Jr. when he left the NCC to administer a grant to develop literacy
      and leadership programs through the Citizenship School
      Programs. This work gave him the opportunity to work with such
      courageous women as Fannie Lou Hamer, Septima Clark, Dorothy
      Cotton, and Bernice Robinson. Young's history of the Civil Rights
      Movement provides an account of the many contributions made
      by women and their successful refusal to be sheltered by their
      male counterparts from the many risks of their involvement.
      Young takes the reader through the events in Birmingham,
      Alabama, the march to Selina, the less successful movements in
      Albany and Savannah, Georgia, and the growing disarray within
      the SCLC during the Poor Peoples' Campaign. He writes about
490        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



        the FBI surveillance of and attempt to discredit Martin Luther
        King, Jr, describes events leading up to King’s acceptance of the
        Nobel Peace Prize in Oslo, Norway, his assassination, and the sub-
        sequent disintegration of the SCLC. Young describes the careful
        strategy and methods employed by Martin Luther King and dis-
        cusses why these methods worked and why they can still be effec-
        tive:
                 The nonviolent approach is not emotional,
                 although it is deeply spiritual. It is a rational
                 process that seeks to transform,     rather than
                 defeat, the oppressor and the oppressive situa-
                 tion. Any kind of emotional outburst—violence,
                 arrogance, intentional martyrdom—endangers
                 the process of transformation.      Emotionalism
                 confirms the prejudices of those that nonviolence
                 aims to transform. The oppressed must be trans-
                 formed, too. They must learn to value and
                 respect themselves, to understand the ways they
                 support_an   oppressive system, and they must
                 learn to forgive those who have hurt them.
                                                          (p. 252)
        Young was elected to Congress in 1972, he served as the mayor of
        Atlanta, and he was ambassador to the United Nations during the
        Carter administration.

671. Young, Penny (1952- ). Survival: The Will and the Way. New
     York, New York: Vantage Press, 1999. 173 pages; photographs.
      ISBN: 0533127599.
        Abstract: Penny Young was the twelfth child in a family that oper-
        ated a large farm in the small town of Perote, Alabama.   Although
        a number of the older children had left home for college and fam-
        ilies of their own, Young and her remaining siblings did their
        share of work in the fields. They also worked in other people's
        fields and, during breaks in the agricultural season, they found
         other odd jobs. Young describes her siblings as stubborn and
         strong willed. Most of the children put themselves through col-
         lege, even though the local schools for African-American children
         only went through the ninth grade, and the children usually left
         home having to borrow the $1.35 they needed to take the bus to
         Montgomery. Despite their close family and community, neither
         the children nor the parents were untouched by issues of race and
         discrimination; the many rules that separated the races were quite
         clear. Most troubling to the children was that white children had
                            The Bibliography                              491


        schoolbooks and took the bus to school. Black children walked
        and had to leave their books at school. Eventually, Young's father
        was so fed up with the situation that he demanded and succeeded
        in arranging busing for the black children. Never one to take
        things quietly, her father also joined the local chapter of the
        NAACP. This act angered his white landlord, who then gave the
        family one week to pay up their debt on the farm or to get off the
        property. Young's sister Ruth, who was working in another state,
        was able to provide the money necessary to pay off the stunned
        landlord. Ruth eventually went on to college at Alabama State,
        where she became active in the Civil Rights Movement and was a
        founding member of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating
        Committee. After graduation, she was blacklisted from teaching
        in Alabama because of her activism, and she moved to San
        Francisco to pursue her teaching career. Her family followed her
        to California, but Young never got over leaving Alabama.          She
        writes,
                    We had good times and bad times. ...       We did
                    not have all that much from the start.     But we
                    had some.   Mainly we had each other. And like
                    most black folks where we lived, we built the rest
                    from determination and hard work.         Staying
                    alive was a mighty big job. But we were up to it.
                                                              (p. 173)

672. Youssef, Sitamon Mubaraka and Adam Youssef. Mail from Jail:
     A Glimpse into a Mother's Nightmare. Tallahassee, Florida:
     Tillman Sims Communications, 2000.     86 pages.    ISBN:
     0967822408.

673. Zhu, Xiao Di. Thirty Years in a Red House: A Memoir of Childhood
     and Youth in Communist China. Foreword by Ross Terrill.
     Amherst, Massachusetts: University of Massachusetts Press,
    1998.    255 pages; photographs; index.             ISBN: 1558491120 :
    155849216x.
        Abstract:    Xiao Di Zhu, a research associate in the United States,
        was born in China after the Communist takeover and lived there
        until 1987. In this book, he describes his childhood in the midst of
        constant turmoil that enveloped China beginning in the 1960s. He
        interweaves his personal story with that of the history of the entire
        country during this period.        Zhu's parents had both been
        Communists since before the takeover, and his father had become
        an official in the party. He was eligible for the privileges accorded
492        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


        government officials, but he usually turned them down because
        he did not feel that such privileges were in accordance with the
        spirit of Communism. As policy changed within the party, Zhu's
        father went from being a man with authority to an enemy of the
        people, and both he and Zhu's mother spent years in labor camps
        because of their early work. Even his elder sister was sent to the
        countryside. Zhu lived with his grandparents and his nanny, vis-
        iting his parents whenever he had a chance. As time went by, he
        realized that his position at school appeared to be determined by
        how favorably his parents were officially viewed at any particular
        time. As a method of self-defense, Zhu memorized the teachings
         of Mao and learned to use them when it was most convenient. He
         also became an expert in the type of behavior approved of by the
         party. In 1977, Zhu was in the first group of students since 1966
         allowed to sit for entrance exams for a full four-year course of col-
         lege study. He was admitted to the Department of Foreign
         Languages at Nanjing Teacher's University and earned his B.A.,
         the first class to do so since the Communist takeover in 1949. By
         this time the country had such a dearth of people with college
         educations that all of the graduates were promptly hired. Zhu got
         a job teaching English at a college in Nanjing in 1982. Although
         the country had become more open, cronyism still existed, and
         Zhu lost an opportunity to study in Australia to a woman with
         better connections.     Instead of going overseas, he was sent to teach
         at a college on the Siberian border. He then decided to apply to
         graduate schools in the United States on his own. He was accept-
         ed and received grants sufficient for him and his wife to live on.
         They left China in 1987.

674. Zia, Helen.         Asian   American    Dreams:    The Emergence of an
      American   People.     New     York, New     York: Farrar, Straus, and
      Giroux,    2000.      356 pages;      photographs;      index.      ISBN:
      0374147744 : 0374527369.
         Abstract: Helen Zia intends her book to be primarily a history of
         the growing politicization of Asian Americans in the United
         States. Zia, a community activist, also provides brief snapshots
         depicting the defining moments in her life. The daughter of immi-
         grants from Suzho and Shanghai in China, Zia was raised in a
         strongly Confucian household in which parents and teachers were
         given unquestioned authority. Daughters answered to their par-
         ents and were second in all things to their brothers. She received
         several scholarship offers, but her father refused to sign her col-
         lege registration papers because he believed an unmarried daugh-
         ter belonged at home with her parents.         Zia took her first rebel-
                 The Bibliography                              493



lious stand by insisting that she would go to college no matter
what her father had to say. At Princeton, she became involved in
the "Third World" student group, and learned to speak out as she
joined in the antiwar movement. It was when confronted with the
patriarchal nature of the student groups that Zia became interest-
ed in the women's movement. She also came out as a lesbian. Her
family supported her as she made her sexual identity known, but
she discovered that she was rejected by some of her fellow
activists. Zia later joined a comfortable community in Detroit. She
writes about movements and organizations and recounts episodes
of community violence and racism excused by the justice system.
She writes about legislative change and progress in labor, housing,
and marriage laws. Zia stresses the importance of knowing your
history. She says that claiming her Asian-American identity res-
cued her from a sense of self-hate that had been growing since
early childhood:
         I eventually discovered a community intent on
         asserting its Asian-American identity and
         reclaiming its history and contributions to build-
         ing American heritage that every American
         should know. This knowledge helped me to
         meld my Asian and American identities and to
         see that they were never really separate.
                                                   (p. 313)
tan       cnin
                   to 02»
              uytell

    :.And “alee‘<a
                ie          ead
      .       4




i
                                          Index


 10th Army Corps       640
30 United States Colored Troop 76
92nd Infantry Division 50
100 Infantry Battalion (Separate) 250
139th Engineer Construction Battalion            250
309th Sub-Depot Support Group 193
442nd Regimental Combat Team              250, 621
Abad, Ruth 187
abandonment 298, 533, 648
Abbey, Edward      615
Abbysinian Baptist Church, Harlem             496
Abilene, Texas 649
abolitionists 626
abortion   197, 437, 469, 632
abusive behavior       178, 437, 533
abusive relationships         47, 298, 437
academicians    35, 178, 264, 281, 288, 337, 503, 512, 554, 570, 628, 634
Acoma Pueblo Indians           16
acquisitions and mergers            365
Acre, Israel 324
actors and actresses     38, 147, 154, 160, 167, 255, 274, 297, 314, 339, 356,
     360, 484, 497, 537, 622, 652, 659
addictions (See also alcoholism and drug abuse)          342, 369, 500, 549
addictive behavior 562
Addis Ababa, Ethiopia 551
Adelphi University       58
Adirondack Mountains            327
Adler, Lou 378
administrators 251, 293, 394, 470
adoptees 3, 57, 133, 201, 332, 417, 555, 640
adoption 57, 133, 201, 332, 417, 555, 640
adult education 158
496           Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



affirmative action 136, 202, 230, 307, 444, 541, 570
Africa 241, 478, 515, 522
Africa, John 24, 25, 26
African-African-American relations 624
African-American art 37
African-American culture 385
African-American history           69
African-American poets           37
African-American studies 554
African-American women's literature              385
African Americans           1, 3, 4,7, 11, 15, 18, 22, 24, 25, 26, 27, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34,
      36, 37, 38, 41, 44, 45, 47, 48, 49, 50, 51, 52, 54, 55, 56, 57, 58, 59, 61, 62,
      64, 66, 67, 68, 69, 70, 71, 72, 75, 76, 77, 79, 80, 82, 83, 84, 85, 86, 87, 88,
      89, 90, 91, 92, 93, 95, 96, 97, 98, 100, 101, 105, 106, 107, 108, 109, 111,
      115, 119, 127, 129, 132, 134, 135, 136, 139, 140, 141, 142, 143, 144, 146,
      147, 148, 149, 150, 151, 152, 153, 154, 155, 156, 157, 158, 160, 163, 164,
      165, 166, 167, 168, 170, 171, 172, 175, 176, 178, 179, 180, 183, 184, 185,
      186, 188, 189, 190, 191, 193, 194, 195, 196, 197, 198, 199, 200, 201, 202,
      203, 204, 205, 206, 209, 210, 211, 212, 213, 215, 217, 218, 219, 220, 221,
      222, 223, 224, 225, 226,227, 228, 229, 231, 233, 234, 237, 250, 240, 241,
      242, 243, 245, 246, 248, 249, 251, 252, 253, 254, 255, 256, 257, 258, 259,
      260, 261, 265, 266, 267, 269, 271, 272, 274, 275, 276, 279, 280, 281, 282,
      286, 288, 289, 290, 291, 292, 293, 295, 297, 298, 299, 300, 301, 306, 308,
      309, 310, 311, 312, 313, 314, 315, 316, 317, 318, 319, 420, 321, 322 oe,
      328, 329, 330, 336, 337, 339, 342, 343, 346, 347, 348, 349, 350, 351, 359,
      362, 363, 364, 365, 366, 369, 370, 373, 375, 378, 379, 380, 381, 382, 383,
      385, 387, 388, 392, 393, 394, 395, 399, 400, 401, 402, 403, 404, 405, 406,
      407, 408, 409, 410, 411, 412, 418, 421, 422, 423, 424, 425, 426, 430, 433,
      435, 436, 437, 438, 440, 441, 442, 445, 446, 447, 448, 452, 453, 454, 455,
      457, 458, 459, 460, 463, 464, 465, 466, 467, 468, 469, 471, 472, 473, 475,
      478, 479, 480, 485, 486, 488, 490, 491, 492, 493, 494, 495, 496, 497, 502,
      503, 506, 512, 514, 515, 517, 518, 519, 520, 521, 522, 524, 525, 530, 534,
      541, 543, 544, 545, 546, 547, 548, 549, 550, 552, 554, 556, 557, 558, 559,
      560, 561, 562, 565, 566, 569, 570, 572, 573, 574, 575, 576, 577, 578, 584,
      585, 587, 588, 590, 593, 594, 595, 596, 599, 600, 601, 604, 608, 609, 610,
      611, 614, 620, 622, 623, 624, 625, 626, 627, 628, 629, 630, 631, 632, 633,
      634, 637, 638, 639, 641, 642, 643, 644, 645, 646, 647, 648, 649, 650, 651,
      652, 653, 654, 655, 656, 657, 658, 659, 662, 663, 664, 665, 667, 668, 669,
      670, 671, 672
African-Caribbean-Americans              484
African culture 37
African history       624
African Methodist Episcopal Church (A.M.E.)                 33, 140, 254, 558, 584
African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church (A.M.E. Zion Church)                      68
African Survival Camp 569
                                      Index                                   497



Africans 185, 624
Afro-American Historical and Cultural Museum (Philadelphia)            69
Afro American newspaper (Baltimore) 347
Afro Caribbeans 15
Afrocentric scholarship 554, 624
Agency for International Development (A.LD.)         478
aging 620
Agosin, Marjorie 10
agricultural education 548
agriculture 122
Ahtna Athabaskan Indians 8
AIDS (disease)    59, 102, 207, 334
AIDS research    656
Aiken, Robert 7
AIM See American Indian Movement (AIM)
AIM Survival Schools 283
air force See United States Air Force
Akron, Ohio 530
Al Greene and the Soul Mates (singing group)        221
Alabama 68, 106, 134, 166, 191, 193, 205, 220, 336, 337, 364, 405, 433, 442,
    468, 556, 560, 663, 670, 671
Alameda, California 508
Alaska    166, 198, 374
Albertini, James V. 7
Alcatraz 414
Alchesay Falcons (high school basketball team)       22
Alcoholics Anonymous 646
alcoholism   49, 62, 86, 174, 198, 217, 274, 413, 443, 467, 497, 565, 576, 646,
     648, 663
Alcorn A&M    189
Alcorn College 127, 190
Alexander, Anne Alexis Bennett 1
Alexander, Jennifer Dawn Bennett 1
Alexis, Sherman 8
Ali, Muhammad _ 196, 203, 275, 644
Allen, Anita LaFrance   1
Allen, Damon    32
Allen, Paula Gunn 13
Allen, William Patterson 403
Allied occupation of Germany      396
Altones (jazz combo) 54
Alvarez, Julia 6
Alvin Ailey American Dance Center 30
Alzheimer's disease 312, 617
AM&N College, Pine Bluff, Arkansas By
498          Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



Amache Relocation Center 296, 586
Ambassadors for Christ 357
ambassadors, U.S.       478
Ambert, Alba       10
A.M.E. Church       See African Methodist Episcopal Church (A.M.E.)
A.M.E. Zion Church           See African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church
      (A.M.E. Zion)
Americal Division, United States Army            589
American Baptist Convention 330
American Baptist Theological Seminary            364
American Express 464
American Indian history 65
American Indian Movement (AIM)             283, 414, 474
American Indians        8, 9, 13, 16, 53, 63, 65, 118, 137, 174, 176, 214, 222, 244,
      249, 264, 283, 284, 327, 354, 362, 371, 374, 414, 417, 433, 434, 437, 442,
      443, 462, 474, 501, 505, 509, 527, 555, 563, 564, 582, 589, 597, 610, 619,
      636
American Japanese 38
American literature 94
American Red Cross 328
American Theatre Wing 314
Americans for Indian Opportunity           244
Americas magazine        579
Americorps 373
Amherst College 102, 233
Amherst, Massachusetts 29
Anderson, Marian         154
Andreas, Maryann 118
Anishinaabe Indians 8
Ankara, Turkey 647
Annapolis, Maryland 653
anthologies 1, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 10, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 19, 20, 21, 118, 187,
     250, 302, 586
anthracite coal sculpting 471
anthropology 263
Antigua 334
Antiguan Americans 334
antimiscegenation laws 413
Antonito, Colorado 39
Apache Indians 555
apartheid 522, 577
Apesanahkwat 118
Apollo Theater (New York)          85, 87, 596
Arab nationalism        29
Arabs    29, 324
                                          Index                                          499



ARCO 190
Argentinean Americans 367
Arizona 8, 22, 173, 195, 417, 451, 516, 580, 598
Arkadelphia, Arkansas              128
Arkansas 57, 61, 68, 128, 178, 221, 240, 265, 312
armed forces See United States Armed Forces
army See United States Army
Armstrong, Jeannette C. 16
Army Air Corps 172, 556
Arnet, Carroll (Gogisgi) 8
Arnie Lane Dance Company                 313
Arnold, Arthur B.        1
Art Students League 434
artist royalty reform 87
artists 3,4, 42, 93, 104, 191, 249, 255, 324, 388, 420, 434, 471, 555
Ashley, Linnea Colette 1
Asian Americans (See also specific ethnic groups, e.g., Chinese Amer-
     icans, Korean Americans, etc.)               5, 17, 20, 123, 230, 356, 368, 372, 674
Asian Pacific Americans 17
AsianWeek magazine 230
Assiniboine Indians 563
Association for the Study of Negro Life and History                  225
astrophysicists 611
athletes    (See also specific sports)           22, 58, 111, 129, 210, 222, 246, 248, 271,
     308, 310, 320, 322, 342, 423, 453, 459, 473, 524, 525, 651
Athletes Against Drugs 219
Atlanta Baptist College (Morehouse College) 200
Atlanta Braves (baseball team)             111, 534, 629
Atlanta Constitution         206
Atlanta Falcons (football team)            534
Atlanta, Georgia        200, 206, 336, 343, 364, 620, 669, 670
Atlanta Hawks (basketball team)                645
Atlanta University 152
Atlantic City, New Jersey           55
Atlantic Records 87
Atsumoto, Roy H.         12
attorneys    See   lawyers
Auburn Hills High School (Michigan)                  318
Augusta, Georgia 85
Aultman Hospital (Canton, Ohio)                605
Austin, Texas 95
Australia    362, 607
aviation 79
aviators See pilots
Ayers, Spike 588
500           Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



Bacho, Peter       5, 20
Bagwell, Orlando           351
Bakersfield, California 369
Balanchine, George 582
Ballard, Florence 97, 609
ballerinas 582
ballet 582
Balmaseda, Liz 10
Baltimore City Council                421
Baltimore Elite Giants (baseball team) 519
Baltimore, Maryland 107, 211, 325, 347, 365, 412, 421, 493, 519, 554, 584,
     599, 643, 653, 655, 659
Baltimore Orioles (baseball team) 151
Baltimore Sun 206
banana trade 522
band leaders 54, 657
Bangladeshi Americans                  17
bankruptcy         265
Banks, Ernie 453
Baptist Church 84, 209, 234, 330, 337, 374, 496, 563, 634
Baptists     128, 153
Barbados      34, 61
Barber-Scotia College                578
barbers    198, 209, 311, 574
Barbour County, Alabama                     205
Barnard College 72
Baroda, India 470
Baseball Hall of Fame                453
baseball managers              629
baseball players 111, 151, 217, 228, 453, 521, 534, 568, 576, 629
Baseball (television documentary) 453
basketball coaches 248
basketball fans 359
basketball players 22, 139, 219, 248, 259, 266, 271, 320, 342, 380, 423, 459,
     524, 525, 645, 651
Baskin, Norton           467
Basque Cubans            540
Bates, Ben     1
Bay of Pigs crisis 78
beading 9
Beckwith, Byron De la 190
Bedford-Stuyvesant, New York                      249
Beijing, China       208
Beirut, Lebanon          324
Belafonte, Harry           274
                                            Index                                  501



Belgium    170, 252
Belin, Esther G.     16
Bell, Betty Louise        8
Bell-Scott, Patricia 4
Belli, Gioconda     10
Belvo, Hazel 434
Bennett-Alexander, Dawn D.              1
Bennett College       471
Bennettsville, South Carolina           175
Bensonhurst, New York 545
Berkeley, California 394, 535, 607, 612
Bermuda Islands 520
Bertice Berry Show        62
Bessemer, Alabama 405
Bethel Seminary, St. Paul, Minnesota                209
Bethesda, Maryland 596
Bethune-Cook College 265
Bethune-Cook Institute 467
Betty Ford Clinic      576
Bibles 427
bibliophiles 69
Bicol, Philippines        538
bicultural Americans            (See also multicultural Americans)   6, 38, 323, 396,
    508
bicyclists 481
Big Cedar, Oklahoma             527
BigEagle, Duane       8
Biggham, Milton       201
Billy (1993 novel by Albert French)            204
Biloxi, Mississippi 395
Binghamton, New York              313
Le, Binh 21
Bird, Gloria 8, 16
Birdsong, Cindy 346, 609
Birmingham, Alabama              336, 364, 663, 670
Birtha, Becky 4
Bishop Estate (Hawai'i)           581
Bishop, Janine 3
bishops 254, 276, 348
Black American Cultural Organization (BACO)               290
Black Arts Movement 422, 667
Black Arts West Theatre 667
Black Cuban Americans 229
Black Elected Democrats of Ohio 409
Black Entertainment Television 237
502           Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



Black Hills, South Dakota               414
Black History     225
Black Nationalism 545
The Black Panther Party               25, 26, 80, 667
Black Power Movement                  72, 336
Black Theatre Magazine                667
Blackwell, Unita           175
Blaeser, Kimberly M.             8
Blanding, Utah 462
blindness 535
Blockson Collection 69
Bloomington, Illinois 234
Blossoms (singing group)                378
The Blue Angel (New York)                    546
Blue Cross 471
Blue, James     317
The Bluebelles (singing group)                     346
blues music     95, 176, 604
Boggs, Jimmy          72
Bohemia Libre 540
Bombay, India 323, 470
Bombay University (India)                   470
Bond, Julian 74, 364
Booth House II (Salvation Army)                      646
Bose, Monica Jahan 17
Boston College 554
Boston, Massachusetts                38, 294, 368, 554, 624, 638
Boston Red Sox (baseball team)                      111, 629
Boston University School of Theology                           336
Boulder, Colorado 503, 608
Boulder (Colorado) Public Library                        608
Bourland, Gregg            118
Bowers, Faubion 12
boxers 196, 203, 275, 314, 600
boxing 275, 600, 644
Boy Scouts      395
Boza, Ramiro      78
Bracero Program 429
brain surgeons 108
Brandeis University              45, 368, 570
Brawley, Tawana            545
Brazil 23
Brevard, North Carolina                330
British Isles 170
Britt, May 155
                                             Index                                 503



 Broadway, New York 215
 Broadway productions 274
 Bronx High School of Science               565
 Bronx, New York          422, 611
Brooklyn, New York           38, 54, 236, 249, 319, 327, 359, 404, 537, 567, 645
brothers 447
Brown, Addie 494
Brown, James        545
Brown, Marion Coleman                1
Brown, Millicent 1
Brown, Nicole 49
Brown v. Board of Education              267, 364, 438
Brulé Sioux (Lakota)         63
Bryant, Tisa    1
Bryn Mawr College 72
Buchanan, Pat 469
Buck O'Neil Baseball Complex, Sarasota, Florida                453
Buddhism       332, 341
Buddhist priests      3
Buffalo, New York 199
Buffalo Soldiers 50
bulimia 210
Bunster Family (England and Chile) 579
Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) 414, 474, 563
Burma    323
Burns, Ken 453
Burundi 478
Bush Administration (1988-1992) 478
business and finance 581
business consultants 577
businesswomen See merchants and business people
businessmen See merchants and business people


C.M.E. Church See Colored Methodist Episcopal Church (C.M.E.)
Cabato, Anamaria Labao 187
Cabrini-Green Housing Project, Chicago                   656
Café Carlyle (New York) 546
Café Gala (Los Angeles) 546
Cahuilla Indians 501
Cairo, Egypt    531
Cairo, Illinois 604
Calcutta, India 386
California 8, 30, 40, 47, 49, 57, 102, 120, 126, 130, 131, 135, 136, 139, 177,
     190, 213, 227, 230, 246, 264, 278, 281, 287, 291, 294, 295, 296, 298, 302,
504         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



California (continued)
     307, 308, 310, 324, 325, 330, 331, 332, 341, 345, 353, 354, 355, 356, 361,
     369, 382, 384, 385, 391, 393, 394, 397, 413, 414, 429, 444, 451, 456, 469,
     481, 484, 501, 504, 508, 517, 519, 526, 528, 536, 538, 542, 546, 562, 565,
     580, 586, 607, 612, 614, 615, 621, 629, 644, 660, 661, 663, 666, 667
California Indians 354, 501
California State Assembly              136
California State University, Fresno                 444, 667
California State University, San Francisco                      57, 535, 667
Camarillo, Joe      118
Cambodia        268, 482, 613
Cambodian Americans                 268, 613
Cambodian work camps                 268
Cambodians        268
Cambridge, England             29
Cambridge, Massachusetts                294, 444
Cameron, Donaldina 666
campaign managers 492
Campbell, Martin Evans (1837-1943)                       101
Canada 15, 43, 355, 519, 626
Canadian Football League 593
cancer 151, 346, 473, 576, 629, 647
cancer survivors 151
Cannon, Kate 351
canoeing 240
Canton Negro Old Timers Hall of Fame                           491
Canton, Ohio 530, 605
capital punishment            25
cardiologists     130, 131
Career Opportunity Program (COP)                         496
Carib Indians 22
Caribbean 115
Carlsbad, California           526
Carmichael, Stokely            336, 364
carpenters 212, 520
Carroll, Frank 345
Carroll, Kenneth          1
Carroll, Rebecca 18
Carter, Dr. Harold 460
Carter, Mae Bertha            175
Carter's Quarters, Alabama                 364
Case Western Reserve University                    460
Castle Aghinolfi, battle for 50
Castro District, San Francisco               102
Castro, Fidel     262
                                        Index                                505



 Castro government 192
 Cat Island, Bahamas 484
 Catholic schools 28, 505, 645
Catholic University Law School 561
Catholic University of America 252
Catholic University of Louvain, Belgium           252
Catholicism     27, 28, 107, 181, 187, 252, 279, 351, 385, 461, 554, 645
Catholics 27, 107, 461, 554, 645
Caucasian Black Mexicans 6
Caucasian Chinese Americans 6
Caucasian Iranian Americans 6
census categories 38
centenarians 158, 163
Centerville, lowa 188
Central Harlem Mother's Association 578
Central High School (Little Rock, Arkansas)             57
Central Valley, California    354, 661
ch’ryo healing 355
Challenger Air Pilots' Association         79
Chan, Suchen     5
Chang, Billy 356
Chang, Gordon 296
Chang, Lia 356
Chang, Tisa 356
Chang, Y. 3
Chapel Hill, North Carolina        43
Charleston County, South Carolina           550
Charlotte, North Carolina 206
Charlotte Observer 206
Chavis, Benjamin F. 569
chefs (See also cooks) 277
chemical engineers 288
Cherokee Indians     8, 22, 173, 214, 362, 374, 433, 437, 527, 636
Cheyenne Indians 371, 597
Cheyenne, Wyoming 50
Chiapas, Mexico 263
Chicago Bears (football team) 473
Chicago Bulls (basketball team) 248, 320, 380, 524, 525
Chicago Cubs (baseball team) 453, 568
Chicago, Illinois 28, 59, 75, 83128) 1897 226, 259; 270, 277, 291, 298, 315,
    337, 357, 374, 380, 396, 401, 411, 454, 473, 498, 533, 556, 562, 568, 573,
    600, 604, 647, 656, 659, 667
Chicago State University     142
Chicago Sun 347
Chicago White Sox (baseball team)          568
506         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



Chicanas    (See also Mexican Americans, Latinas, and Hispanic
    Americans) 247
Chicanos (See also Mexican Americans, Latinos, and Hispanic
      Americans)    42, 232, 263, 444, 500, 528, 539, 598, 615
Chickasaw Indians         200
chiefs of police   39
child abuse See abusive behavior
child advocates 669
child care providers 289
Child Development Group of Mississippi (CDGM)             175
child prodigies 215
child prostitution 211
child rearing 168
child slavery 99
child welfare workers           548
childhood 5, 41, 104, 122, 192, 235, 279, 303, 318, 319, 333, 334, 377, 405,
     411, 514, 516, 537, 543, 585, 591, 661, 665, 666
children 1, 6, 82, 103, 127, 149, 208, 211, 297, 304, 315, 343, 345, 401, 643
Children's Defense Fund 175
Childrens Theater International         537
Childs, Jean   669, 670
Chile 579
Chilean Americans         10, 579
Chileans 579
Chin, Frank 5
Chin, Soo-Young         331
China 40, 116, 117, 123, 128, 208, 235, 355, 384, 435, 507, 542, 565, 567, 607,
    673
China City, Los Angeles           542
China Daily News 125
China, Japanese occupation of 355
Chinatown, Los Angeles 542
Chinatown, New York 235
Chinatown, Sacramento 542
Chinatown, San Francisco 331, 353
Chinatowns 277
Chinese-American relations 498
Chinese Americans      2, 5, 17, 20, 72, 116, 117, 122, 123, 125, 126, 128, 208,
    235, 277, 304, 338, 345, 353, 356, 357, 358, 361, 372, 384, 389, 390, 415,
    498, 507, 542, 567, 591, 607, 660, 661, 666, 673, 674
Chinese Civil War 117
Chinese Exclusion Law             120
Chinese Hand Laundry Alliance (CHLA)            125
Chinese Indonesian Americans 20
Chinese Jamaican Americans 6
                                             Index                                   507




 Chinese Malaysians          368, 591
 Chinese restaurants 277
 Chinese-Vietnamese Americans 2
 Chinn Family (Sacramento, California)               126
 Chippewa Indians          434
 Chippewa Indians (Minnesota)                  8
 Chiricahua Indians 555
 chiropractors     660
 Choctaw Indians          8, 53, 65, 200
 Choi, Serena 3
 choreographers 30, 313, 362
 Christ the King High School (New York) 271
 Christian evangelists 557
 Christian fundamentalism              332
 Christianity  27, 59, 108, 109, 128, 173, 196, 201, 214, 227, 252, 279, 317,
     341, 374, 460, 469, 534, 563, 576
Christians 19, 108, 109, 140, 196, 211, 238, 317, 321, 357, 460, 469, 486, 496,
     534, 557, 576, 584
chronic illness 252
Chu Lai, Vietnam 204
Chuan, Linda 356
Chuman, Frank 586
Chung, Richard 3
Chung, Ruth 17
Church of God in Christ           658
CIA 329, 344
Cincinnati, Ohio 86, 318, 362
Cincinnati Reds (baseball team) 151
Cincinnati Royals (basketball team) 380
citizenship 120
Citizenship School Program 670
City College of New York 279, 488
City University of New York              142
Ciudadanos Unidos (CU)             232
civil engineers     195
civil rights    44, 54, 97, 166, 288
Civil Rights Act of 1964         189
civil rights activists (See also civil rights workers)         106, 189, 220, 226, 231,
      239, 267, 336, 403, 544, 545, 598, 637, 641, 670
civil rights cases 220
civil rights lawyers 231, 267
Civil Rights Movement            11, 106, 127, 154, 175, 189, 190, 194, 220, 226, 227,
    231, 256, 257, 272, 311, 329, 336, 364, 395, 409, 410, 421, 433, 438, 490,
    496, 588, 599, 623, 641, 670
civil rights workers       (See also civil rights activists)   127,395, 492, 517, 670
508          Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



Civil War, 1861-1865         31, 76, 91, 114, 401, 552, 559
Civil War generals 403
Civilian Pilot Training Program 79
Clara Ward and the Famous Ward Singers                     625
Claremont Colleges 190
Claremont Graduate School 142
Clark College 152
Clark, Septima     670
Clark University 38
Clarksdale, Mississippi         257
Clarksville, Tennessee         291
Cleage, Pearl 4
Clearview Golf Course 491
Cleaver, Eldridge 26, 80
clergy 33, 68, 84, 134, 153, 173, 181, 196, 209, 221, 227, 238, 260, 262, 276,
     282, 299, 301, 330, 336, 337, 348, 350, 351, 357, 374, 455, 460, 496, 502,
     512, 545, 549, 558, 562, 577, 601, 634
Cleveland Cavaliers (basketball team) 645
Cleveland Indians (baseball team) 217
Cleveland, Ohio 223, 460, 519
Cleveland Public School District 223
Clinton, Bill 178, 199, 231
clothing designers 583
clothing shops 666
CNN 270
coaches 222, 248,518, 645
coaching 22,518
Coalition on Urban Affairs            469
Cochinchina 182
Coeur d'Alene Indians 8
Coke, A. A. Hedge 16
Cole, Nat King 135
Coles, Robert     82
Colgate College        627
college administrators 288, 293
college and university professors                 29, 35, 225, 252, 264, 272, 279, 281, 283,
      288, 307, 341, 412, 420, 431, 437, 449, 503, 554, 573, 628, 634
College Football Hall of Fame               518
college presidents 293
Collin County, Texas 575
Collins Family 506
Colombian Americans             10
color consciousness          164, 446, 503
The Color Purple (film) 622
Colorado 39, 239, 285, 296, 389, 401, 503, 608, 647
                                   Index                                 509



Colorado River Indian Tribes 173
Colorado River Relocation Center 451
Colorado (territory of) 114
Colored Industrial School, New Orleans     321
Colored Methodist Congregational Church 601
Colored Methodist Episcopal Church (C.M.E.) 348
Colored Republican Party 442
Colton, California    526
Colum, Lola Anne       176
Columbia, Mississippi        473
Columbia, North Carolina 506
Columbia Records 199
Columbia School of Journalism 404
Columbia University 152, 577, 611
Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons          596
Columbus, Iola    9
Comanche Indians       244
comedians   62, 226, 360, 497
comic books 340, 358
commentators    317
Commission for Racial Justice 569
Communism    40, 125, 128, 192, 294, 355, 567, 667, 673
Communist Party       40, 72
Communists   673
communities  278, 514, 587
community activists 9, 289, 429, 454, 530, 569, 572, 578, 674
community involvement 74
community service 363, 409
companions 467
composers 104
computer scientists    247
conmen    562
Concentration camps    See internment camps (concentration camps, relo-
    cation camps, relocation centers)
Confederated Tribes of the Reservation of Warm Springs (Oregon)       8, 16
Congo (Zaire) 624
Congress of Racial Equality (CORE) 364
Congressional Black Caucus 202, 421
Connecticut 392, 438, 457, 458, 460, 472, 494, 605
conscientious objectors      146
conservation 327
conservatives 202, 469
construction workers   133, 209
consultants 353
cook books 277
510          Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



Cook, Wesley 25
Cooke, Sam 98
cooks 466, 467
Cooper, Desiree 1
Cornell University 404, 570, 611
correspondence         494, 571
Cortez, Nemesia         187
Cosby, Bill 98
Cosell, Howard 644
Cosmopolitan en Espariol magazine              540
Costa Ricans     104
Cotton, Dorothy        670
cotton farming     574
Council for Urban Peace and Justice              614
Council of Federated Organizations               257
counselors     342, 353, 548
Count Basie Orchestra          379
court system 598
Court TV 317
craniopagus (surgical procedure) 108
The Creations (singing group) 221
creative writing       164
Creek Indians 176, 284, 433
Cresswell, North Carolina 506
crime   49, 366, 486, 543
crime victims 620
criminal justice 351
the criminal justice system          26
criminals    460, 664
Cristal, Texas 232
Crockett County, Tennessee            67
Cross Creek, Florida          467
Cross Performance 362
Crow Creek Reservation, South Dakota 9
Crow Dog, Leonard 597
Crow Indians 9, 563, 619
Crown Heights, New York 545
Crozer Seminary 336, 496
cryptology 653
Crystal City, Texas 232
Cuba 78, 80, 192, 262, 420, 476, 540, 617
Cuban Americans          10, 78, 102, 110, 192, 229, 262, 420, 476, 540, 617
Cuban Missile Crisis 78
Cuban Revolution 262, 476
Cuban War of Independence                 78
                                                Index                                         511



Cultural Revolution (China)                   673
customs, traditions, and ceremonies                       9, 283, 284, 354, 371, 462, 501, 564,
     619
Cuttack, India 605



Dakota Indians        9, 474, 564
Daley, Richard 226
Dallas Cowboys (football team)                      534
Dallas, Texas       237, 251
Danbury, Connecticut                472
dance projects 362
dancers     30, 215, 297, 313, 339, 362, 371, 582
Danquah, Meri Nana-Ama     6
Danville, Illinois 546
Dar es Salaam, Tanzania 522, 624
Dark, Alvin 111
Dartmouth College 15, 457, 458
Dash, Sarah 346
Dauenhauer, Nora Marks 8
Daufin, E-K. 1
daughters     669
Davidow, Joie        10
Davidson College              311
Davidson, North Carolina 311
Davis, Al 32
Davis, Ossie 160
Dayton, Ohio 375, 409
Daytona Beach, Florida 265
de Cristoforo, Violet 586
de la Fuente, Joel        17
de Leon, Aya 1
deafness    665
Dean, Debra Kang              20
Dean, Dorothy        34
Dean, Kook Kim            3
death 617
death row 24, 25, 26
Debo, Angie 65
DeCambra, Ho'oipo 7
decathletes 310
Declue, Charlotte (Kawashinsay)                     8
DeCosta-Willis, Miriam               4, 637
del Barco, Mandalit 10
Del Rey, California           398
512           Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



del Rosario, Carina A.         2 .
Delany, Dr. Annie Elizabeth (Bessie)            163
Delany Sisters Rose (rose variety)          163
Delaware 601
Delaware Indians        8, 16, 555
Deloria, Vine, Jr. 118
Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party             309
Democratic Party 257, 309
Denmark, South Carolina              55
Dennis, J>K.     1
Densho Japanese American Legacy Project               2
dentists 363, 410, 596
Denver Broncos (football team)            156
Denver, Colorado        285, 389, 503, 647
Denver Post 285
Department of Agriculture 429
Department of Children and Family Services, Chicago        259
DePauw University         294
DePere, Wisconsin 431
depression 148, 164, 404
Des Moines, Iowa 288
Des Moines Register 285
desegregation 11, 54, 57, 58, 82, 107, 134, 172, 175, 194, 223, 227, 248, 267,
     293, 311, 329, 395, 433, 438, 448, 496, 547, 623
detectives 366
Detroit College of Law 52
Detroit, Michigan 41, 52, 72, 180, 199, 337, 342, 343, 410, 609, 657, 658,
     668, 674
Detroit Pistons (basketball team)          266, 524, 525
Dhillon, Kartar 5
Dhour, Lebanon 531
Diaries   See journals and diaries
Diaz, Junot    10
Dickinson, Emily 280
diesel mechanics 448
Dilworth, Richardson           628
Dimtao, China 542
Dirks, Dempster 12
disabled Americans        415, 475
disc jockeys 375
Disciples of Christ      173
discrimination       436, 480, 660
Divakaruni, Chitra Banerjee 20
divorce 115, 245, 307, 316, 353, 484, 534
Dixon, Dianne E. 1
                                           Index                                   513



Do, Ai-Van 21
Do, Phuong 17
doctors (See also surgeons)           96, 102, 109, 130, 131, 178, 197, 384, 390, 513,
     595, 596, 603, 605, 656, 663
Dodson, Owen 34, 255
Doi, Shig 586
domestic violence 279, 374, 528
Dominican Americans    6, 10, 35, 568
Dominican Republic 270, 568
Dominicans    568
Dorchester, Georgia          670
Dover, Ohio     605
Dr. Dre 566
dramatists     318, 360
Drayton Hall Plantation, South Carolina               75
Dred Scott case       200
Drinkard Singers       286
drug abuse     62, 111, 135, 207, 217, 298, 404, 447, 497, 543, 569, 576
drug counselors       342
drug dealers     369, 566
drug rehabilitation centers          135
drummers 215
Duke University 266, 476
Dunbar High School, Washington, D.C.                 229, 347, 365
Dunbar, Paul Laurence 37
Dunham, Katherine 339
Durham, North Carolina 464
dysfunctional families         597


Earlham College        614
Earls, Felton 351
East Bay (San Francisco Bay Area), California 213
East Indian Americans   5, 6, 17, 20, 323, 386, 551, 571, 605
East Indian Jewish Americans               6
East Indians 470, 571
East Indians in Burma          323
East St. Louis, Illinois      322, 409
Eastern Washington University                  137
Easton, Pennsylvania          275
eating disorders      210
Eatonton, Georgia       622
Ecole de la Chambre Syndicale de la Couture Parisienne               237
economists 570
Ecuador 367
514            Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



education 45, 74, 83, 152,158, 213, 253, 311, 425, 442, 574
education for the blind 535
educators (See also teachers and college and university professors) 29,
    54, 107, 142, 157, 225, 233, 252, 253, 272, 279, 288, 394, 412, 470, 503,
    573, 574, 620, 628
Egypt 29, 170, 531
Egyptians 29
El Campo, Texas    60
El Paso, Texas 377, 428
El Show de Cristina 540
Elders, Olive 178
Eldridge, Winston       1
electrical engineers    288
Electromagnetic Systems Laboratories (ESL)           353
Elijah Muhammad 342, 585
Elizabeth, New Jersey         237
Ellington, Duke 30
Elliott, Eric 501
Elphinstone College (India)         470
employment training 577
Endo, Mitsuye 586
Endrezze, Anita 8
engineering draftsmen 120
engineers 133, 451
England 29, 117, 140, 167, 255, 328, 384, 491, 516, 565, 607, 610
entertainers     129, 155, 221, 238, 297, 339, 546
entertainment business 129
entertainment management firms 530
entrepreneurs 52, 133, 189, 198, 219, 289, 293, 351, 365, 464, 468, 542, 666
entrepreneurship 469, 660
environmental concerns 327
epidemics      33, 63
epidemiologists 351
epilepsy 109
Equal Employment Act of 1972 105
Erasmus Hall High School 404
Escandén, Maria Amparo 10
essays 1, 13, 20, 35, 56, 65, 118, 123, 160, 214, 338, 361, 372, 386, 400, 461,
      620
Estes, Patty    188
Ethics Advisory Board of HEW              197
Ethiopia 211, 551
Ethiopian Americans 211
ethnographies 331
ethnology 263
                                     Index                                      515



Eufaula, Alabama       205
Eufaula Boarding School (Oklahoma)            284
Europe 88, 89, 170, 557
Eutaw, Alabama        560
evacuation and relocation of Japanese in World War II (See also intern-
     ment camps [concentration camps, relocation camps]) 287, 302, 451,
     580, 586, 635
evangelism 486
evangelists 134, 238
Evers, Medgar       189, 190, 226, 395, 544
Executive Order 9066         621
exiles    78, 80, 192, 420, 476, 538, 579
expatriates 255
explorers 261


fables 283
Fairfax, Virginia 648
Fairfield County, South Carolina 574
families 10, 23, 39, 41, 44, 47, 48, 49, 51, 55, 58, 61, 67, 70, 74, 83, 92, 103,
     107,120; 126, 127, 135, 144, 152,157, 163, 177, 182, 208, 216, 2339234,
     235, 251, 259, 262, 268, 271, 278, 286, 287, 288, 290, 292, 294, 307, 312,
     315, 316, 325, 331, 332, 334, 361, 363, 373, 374, 377, 378, 383, 384, 390,
     395, 397, 398, 399, 404, 405, 407, 408, 415, 417, 422, 428, 437, 450, 451,
     454, 467, 471, 472, 479, 481, 485, 490, 496, 503, 505, 506, 507, 508, 509,
     511, 514, 516, 520, 539, 540, 542, 544, 564, 569, 573, 574, 575, 579, 580,
     587, 591, 595, 608, 610, 612, 615, 618, 624, 625, 638, 643, 649, 655, 658,
     660, 663, 669, 671, 672
family businesses      389
family history     323, 428, 485, 623
family planning 408, 632
family reunions 506
Famous Flames (singing group)           85
Far, Sui Sin (aka Edith Eaton) 5
Fard Muhammad 180
Fard, Wallace 180
farm hands 575
farm laborers 94, 122
Farmanfarmaian, Roxane 6
farmers and farming 67, 114, 152, 251, 397, 398, 451, 472, 482, 548, 580,
     671
fashion designers     237
fashion models      167, 662
fasting   226
fathers   188, 314, 316, 353, 596, 643
516          Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



Faye Bell, Brenda 4
Fayette, Mississippi 189
FBI 226, 344, 474, 493
federal courts 82
Federal Department of Corrections       219
Federal District Court (U.S.) 438
federal lab program 386
felons 265
female genital mutilation 167
feminism 29, 280, 281, 430, 446, 591, 620
feminists    45, 117, 324
fetal alcohol syndrome 443
field workers See farm laborers
Fifth Congressional District, Georgia       364
figure skaters     207, 345
figure skating, pairs 207
Filipinas 508
the Filipino American National Historical Society      2
Filipino-American organizations       187
Filipino Americans 2,5, 17, 38, 94, 187, 230, 391, 413, 504, 508, 511, 538,
     583
Filipino-Norwegian Americans 413
Filipinos 538
film. 9129,1356,-373
film directors 359
film industry 147, 297
film producers 458
film production 622
filmmakers       3, 351
financial fraud 265
First Amendment rights           24
Fisk University 166, 556
Fitten, Ronald K. 1
Flandreau Reservation, South Dakota           9
Flint, Michigan 562
Florida 43, 62, 78, 238, 246, 265, 313, 383, 407, 453, 467, 476, 484, 617, 646,
     654, 672
Florida State University 534
Florida Times-Union 407
flowers 163
folk art 191
folk music 249
food 277
foot binding 117
football coaches      222, 518
                                              Index                   517




football players 32, 49, 156, 222, 245, 308, 473, 534, 593
Foreman, George 203
Forman, Ruth          4
Fort Valley, Georgia 363
Fort Valley State College, Georgia                  363
Fort Wayne, Indiana               408
Fort Worth, Texas           201, 572
Foundation for a United Western Hemisphere                367
France    170, 215, 255, 339, 404
Frances Joseph Home (for homeless children) (New Orleans)       321
Francis W. Parker School (Chicago) 411
Frankfort, Kentucky               492
Franklin, John Hope               200
Franklin, Rev. C. L.             199, 625
fraternities 363
Frazier, Joe 196
Frederick Douglass Academy                    425
Free Cherokees 173
freedmen 61
freedom of speech               295
Freedom Riders            272, 364
freedom schools            253
Fresno, California          667
Friends Church            614
Friends of Nursing Home Residents, Incorporated (FONHRI)        492
friendship 494
Front Royal, Virginia             329
Fujikawa, Fred        586
Fulbright scholars 368
Full Gospel Tabernacle (Memphis)                    221
funk music      447
Fuquay, North Carolina                  599
Furuiye,  Nobuo 12
Fuzhou, China         208


Galindo, Laura 207
Gallo, Robert 656
Galtung, Johan        7
gambling 657
Gamboa, Edgar             187
Gandhi    336
Ganesan, Indira           5, 6
gangs    28, 295, 353, 393, 528, 533, 566, 614
Gary, Indiana     374, 394
518            Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



gay activists 3
gay men 30, 59, 102, 123,207, 313, 607
gay women 674
GED 149
Geechee People 48, 478
Geiogamah, Hanay           8
gender identity 34, 313, 481
genealogists 506
genealogy      61, 407, 485
General Baptist State Convention of North Carolina       330
General Motors         448, 561, 577
geographers 607
Geography (dance work)      362
George Foreman Youth and Community Center 196
George Washington University Law School 584
Georgetown University 252
Georgia 40, 48, 68, 85, 180, 206, 286, 313, 336, 343, 363, 364, 374, 383, 461,
    608, 620, 622, 669, 670
Georgia Department of Corrections 363
Germany 38, 104, 117,170, 396, 488, 532, 547, 610, 647
Ghana    148
Ghanaian Americans             6, 148
Giago, Tim      118
Gibbons, Jewell Taylor          15
Gibson, Althea 210
Gibson County, Tennessee                67
Gila River Relocation Center                 580, 586
Gilb, Dagoberto 10
Gionson, Mel      356
Givens, Robin      644
Gladwell, Malcolm 6
Gladys Knight and the Pips 343
Glamour magazine 115
Glen Allan, Mississippi 587, 588
Glenland, Virginia 472
Global Sullivan Principles 577
Glover, Danny 622
Goldberg, Whoopi 622
Golden, Marita 4
Goldman, Francisco 6, 10
Goldman, Ron 49
golf courses     491
golfers 491
Gomez family (Oklahoma)                 216
Gonabad, Iran 43
                                     Index        519




Gonzalez, Mario         118
Gordy, Barry 609
gospel music 199, 201, 221, 286, 343, 625, 658
GospoCentric Records 201
Graham, Lisa 187
Graham, Stedman 659
Grambling State University      518
Grand Portage Reservation 434
Grand Rapids, Michigan 221
Grand River Six Nations Land 16
grandparents      450
Graves Disease 595
Gray, Frizzell (Kweisi Mfume) 421
Great Britain 491, 626
Great Depression 27, 122, 168, 472, 575
Greek Americans 367
Green Bay Packers (football team) 149
Green Bay, Wisconsin 432
Greene County, Alabama 560
Greensboro, North Carolina      471
Greenville County, South Carolina 574
Greenwich Village, New York 249
Greenwood, Mississippi 272
Grenada invasion (United States)       2
Griffey, Ken, Sr. 228
Griffin, Farah Jasmine 494
Grinnell College (Grinnell, lowa)      439
Griswold, Henry         174
grocery stores    526, 660
Grutas, Daniel 187
Guamians 2
Guangzhou, China 208
Guanson, Lou Ann Ha'aheo 7
Guatemalan Americans       10
guitarists 176, 249, 335, 604, 668
Gujarat State, India 470
Gulf War 487
Gullah People     38, 48, 478
Guyana 51


Hahpekute-Hunkpati Dakota Indians             9
Haifa, Israel 324
The Haig (nightclub, Los Angeles)       546
hair   213, 446
520          Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



Haiti 99, 362, 522, 603
Haitian Americans 99, 603
Hakka People 361
Haley, Alex 385, 506
Halifax, North Carolina       144
Hamburg, Germany       396
Hamer, Fannie Lou      175, 670
Hamhung, North Korea          640
Hamilton, New Jersey 383
Hamilton, New York 627
Hampton Institute 152, 448
Han, Young Soon 3
Hankuk University of Foreign Studies              325
Hanoi, Vietnam 449, 481
Hansberry, Lorraine 280
Hara, Marie 5
Hara, Mavis 5
Harbor Junior College, California          629
Harjo, Joy   118
Harlem Globetrotters 342
Harlem, New York 54, 55, 243, 255, 289, 319, 330, 385, 399, 411, 425, 565,
    577, 578, 627, 638
Harlem Office Supply      289
Harlem Renaissance      403, 638
Harold Melvin and the Blue Notes            475
Harper, Roland 473
Harris, Fred 244
Harrisburg, Pennsylvania        498, 574
Harrison, Tess Alexandra Bennett           1
Hartford, Connecticut 494
Hartford Freedman's Aid Society            494
Hartshorn Memorial College 403
Harvard Law School 165, 307, 365, 522
Harvard Medical School 102
Harvard University 233, 389, 420, 424, 444, 554
Haskell Indian Institute, Kansas 284
Hau, Hoang Diem     17
Havana, Cuba 420
Hawai'i 40, 120, 198, 250, 278, 338, 361, 376, 454, 504, 532, 581, 649
Hawai'ian Americans    7
Hawai'ians 361
Hawkettes (musical group) 447
Hawkins, Jamesetta (Etta James) 298
Hawkins, LeVan D. 1
Haydn Observatory       611
                                               Index                                     521



Hayes, Gregory Willis              403
Haywood, Chanta M.                 321
Hazard, Benjamin H. 12
Hazelden (drug and alcohol rehabilitation center)                135
health 226
health care 560
health education 178
hearing impaired persons                 665
Heart Mountain Internment Camp                    (See Heart Mountain Relocation
    Center)
Heart Mountain Relocation Center (Wyoming) 285, 586
heavyweight boxers 600
heavyweight champions 196, 203, 275
Heisman Trophy 32
hemispherectomy (surgical procedure) 109
Henderson, Steven            422
Hendryx, Nona 346
Henry, Gordon, Jr. 8
heptathletes 322
heptathlon 322
herbalists 660
heritage 564
Hidatsa Indians        284
high schools 112
hijacking 80
Hilden, Patricia Penn          8
Hill, Bob 473
Hill, Roberta 8
Hill, Roberta G. 16
Hindus 571
hip-hop artists    129, 549
Hispanic Americans            10, 39, 104, 112, 303, 360, 367, 540
historians   69, 296
Historically Black Colleges and Universities              293, 312, 471, 518, 554, 620
HIV AIDS 102, 313, 334
Holiness Church        168
Holliday, Laurel       1
Holly (1995 novel by Albert French)                204
Hollywood, California              339, 484
Holocaust    396
Holte, Patricia    346
Holy Rosary High School (New York) 645
Holyfield, Evander 644
home comings 420
home economists 157
522           Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



Home Shopping Network.               237
homelessness 99, 110, 246, 443
homerun records 568
homosexuality 620
Honcho Group 244
Hong, Han Chol 3
Hong Kong       208, 357, 384, 389, 415, 565
Hongo, Garrett        5, 6, 20
Hood Theological Seminary              68
hooks, bell 4
Hoopa Indians (California) 284
Hopkins, Sarah Winnemucca 13
horses 636
Horton, Lester 30
Hosokawa, William          586
hospitals     647
hotel owners        657
Hotta, Jean     17
housekeepers         55, 413, 466, 467, 494
Housing and Urban Affairs Committee, California State Assembly   136
housing projects 404
Houston Astros (baseball team) 629
Houston Comets (basketball team) 139
Houston, James D. 5
Houston, Jeanne Wakatsuki 5, 20
Houston Rockets (basketball team)             459
Houston, Texas 196
Houston, Whitney 286
Howard Beach, New York               545
Howard, General O. O. 253
Howard University 154, 166, 225, 267, 422, 550, 570
Howe, Leanne 8
Hughes, Langston          37
Hull, Akasha (Gloria)            4
Hull, Alexander 3
Hull, Anita F 4
human rights 288
Humphrey, Hubert           309, 496
Hunkpapa Indians (Lakota)              63
Hunter College, City University of New York         154, 385
Huntington State Prison 24
Huron Indians 16
Hurston, Zora Neale            280
Hutton, Bobby 80
Huynh, Jade Quang              21
                                               Index                         20



Huynh, Nhut W. 21
Hyman, Amitiyah Elayne               1


I Have a Future program 197
Ice Castle Skating Rink 345
ice skating 207, 345
Ida B. Wells Housing Projects 315
Idaho 40, 386, 621
Idaho Falls, Idaho 386
Idlewild, Michigan      573, 657
illegal immigration     367
Illinois 44, 83, 128, 189, 226, 234, 259, 270, 291, 298, 315, 337, 357, 380, 396,
      409, 411, 454, 485, 498, 533, 562, 573, 600, 604, 605, 647, 659, 667
Illinois State University      234, 498
immigrants 3, 14, 21, 23, 28, 29, 35, 43, 51, 94, 99, 116, 120, 121, 122, 123,
    125, 128, 131, 148, 167, 182, 211, 230, 235, 236, 262, 268, 277, 278, 294,
    304, 325, 331, 340, 353, 355, 357, 367, 368, 384, 389, 390, 396, 398, 399,
    413, 415, 427, 428, 429, 432, 459, 470, 476, 481, 482, 498, 511, 520, 536,
     538, 540, 542, 583, 586, 591, 592, 605, 613, 617, 660, 673
Imperial Valley, California 536
Impressions (musical group) 98
indentured servants 61
Independence, Oregon           232
India 470, 551, 571, 605
Indian boarding schools 371
Indian Reorganization Act of 1934                 9
Indian reservations 63
Indian schools 563
Indian Territory 53
Indian Territory (Oklahoma)               200
Indian-U.S. wars 63
Indiana 133, 294, 394, 648
Indiana Pacers (basketball team)                423
Indianapolis, Indiana 168
indigenous people 263
Initiative 200 (Washington)              136
Inner Traditions (publishing company)                   571
inspirational lectures 653
inspirational works 198, 587
Institute of American Indian Arts (Santa Fe, New Mexico)          16, 555
insurance agents     294, 328
intellectuals   45, 137, 531
International Broadcasting College                375
International Circuit Devices (ICD)               353
524           Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


International Foundation for Education and Self-Help (IFESH)          577
International Free and Accepted Modern Masons 52
international trade 367
internment camps (concentration camps, relocation camps, relocation cen-
     ters) 19, 40, 177, 285, 287, 296, 302, 340, 341, 398, 439, 451, 456, 535,
     536, 580, 586, 621, 635
interracial families 469
interracial marriages 6, 72, 155, 209, 230, 307, 325, 372, 399, 413, 424, 511,
     542, 564, 648
interracial relationships 381, 503
Interview magazine 430
interviews     (See also oral histories)       3, 18, 420, 457, 458
Iowa 188, 240, 285, 288, 385, 412, 538, 610
Iowa City, lowa 538
Iran     43
Iran-Suisse Primary School           43
Iranian Americans        43
Ireland 42
Irish Americans 68, 582, 645, 654
Irish-Chinese Americans 6
iron mongers       468
Irvin, Monte       453
Ishio, Sunao 12
Islam 459, 543, 585
Isleto Pueblo Indians         8
Israel    29, 324, 417
Issei Japanese Americans) 250, 296, 340, 398, 580, 586
Italian heritage 159
Italy 50, 139, 170, 290, 556
Ito, Susan     5
Itow, [wato 586
Ivy and Ruby Guidance Inn                408
Iwai, Sharon 356
Iwamoto, Yoshito         12


J.-C. Penney * 237
Jacknash, Arkansas        221
Jackson, Jesse 545
Jackson State College 127
Jackson State University 473
Jackson, Yvonne "Princess"           1
Jacksonville College          62
Jacksonville, Florida         407, 646
Jacqua, Jack 393
                                                    Index                    525



Jaffrey, Zia    5
Jainism 323
Jakaltek Indians 16
Jakarta, Indonesia 357
Jakes, Bishop T. D.            534
Jamaican English Americans                      6
jamessG] ER              72.
Jamshedpur, Bihar, India                  571
janitors 599
Japan 38, 121, 285, 294, 341, 431, 432, 436, 535, 602
Japan-United States cultural comparison 432
Japanese American Evacuation and Resettlement Study (JERS) 451
Japanese Americans  2, 5, 6, 12, 17, 19, 20, 40, 177, 250, 278, 285, 287, 296,
    302, 340, 341, 356, 397, 398, 431, 432, 439, 451, 456, 532, 535, 536, 580,
    581, 586, 602, 616, 621, 635
Japanese Americans in Japan 536, 602
Japanese philosophy              412
jazz   54, 87, 298, 379, 382, 668
Jean, Valerie       4
Jefferson City, Missouri             337
Jen, Gish 5, 6
Jensen, Paz 187
Jeong, Alex      17
Jerome (Arkansas) Internment Camp                           19, 586
jewelry shops           666
Jewish African Americans                   6
Jewish Americans 417
Jewish Spanish Americans 6
Jicaralla Apache Tribe 589
Jim Crow       200, 514, 671
Jim, Rex Lee        8
Job Corps      196
Johns Hopkins Hospital                   108
Johns, Vernon           490
Johnson administration               496
Johnson-Bailey, Juanita              4
Johnson C. Smith University 68, 227, 550, 578
Johnson, Dwayne 593
Johnson, Howard E. "Stretch" 7
Johnson, Lonnie 604
Johnson, Lyndon 189, 196, 244, 336, 339, 364
Jones, Brigadier General John Robert, CSA, Ret.                       403
Jones, Quincy 622
Jones, Robert Earl 314
Jordan, Andrew 544
526           Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



Jordan, Michael 359
Joshi Dai (Japan) 602
journalists 3, 26, 40, 43, 206, 243, 270, 285, 317, 318, 372, 383, 399, 424, 503,
     512, 515, 540, 585, 637, 643
journals and diaries            143, 164, 177, 362, 391, 504, 637
Judaism 417
judges   438, 561
Justiniani family (California)             413
juvenile deliquency          497


Kadohata, Cynthia           5
Kaigelak, Bernice          118
Kamehameha Schools (Hawai'i)                     581
Kan, Margaret Yah-Min               17
Kanazawa, Tooru J. 5
Kanda, John 586
Kang, Dredge 3
Kang, Hyun Yi 3
Kang, Kun Soo 3
Kannapolis, North Carolina                 407
Kansas   91, 402, 480, 538, 605, 637
Kansas City Chiefs (football team)                 32
Kansas City, Missouri             312, 543, 656
Kansas City Monarchs (baseball team)                         453, 519
Kansas City Royals (baseball team)                     453
Kansas State University, Wichita                 538
Katagi, Raymond 586
Katherine Dunham Company                     339
Kawaguchi, Tom         586
Kazan, Elia    255
Kellis, Charles      188
Kennedy administration               496
Kennedy, John F. 155, 336, 364
Kennedy, Robert 155, 310, 364, 588
Kent School (private boarding school)                        464
Kent State University (Ohio)               62
Kentucky 52, 56, 90, 96, 281, 328, 385, 492, 548, 556, 636, 637
Kentucky State College 548
Kentucky State Industrial College 556
Kenya 454
Kenyan Americans 454
Kersee, Bobby 322
Khmer Rouge 268, 613
Kibei (Japanese Americans)               341, 536
                                                   Index                                527



kidney transplants               603
Kilby Prison (Alabama)                  205
Kim, Abbot Doh-An 3
Kim, Bong Hwan               3
Kim, Elaine H.       3
Kim, Kathy 3
Kim, Nataly 3
Kim, Paul    3
Kim, Rose    17
Kim, Sookhee Choe                3
Kim, Youn Jae        3
Kim, Young      3
King, A.D.     492
King, Don 275, 644
King, Maurice 343
King, Rev. Martin Luther, Jr.                  106, 175, 180, 330, 364, 492, 588, 670
King, Riley B. 335
King, Rodney 206, 469
Kingsburg, California 310
Kingston, Maxine Hong 5
Kiowa Indians        8, 555
Kirk Franklin & The Family (musical group)                      201
Kishiue, Nobuo Dick 12
KKLA radio (Los Angeles)                     469
Knight, Suge      566
Knoxville, Tennessee              271
Kobe, Japan 431
Koch'u, Maeun 3
Koh, Stella Soon-Hi 3
Korea 60, 120, 121, 130, 131, 133, 165, 294, 325, 332, 333, 370, 436, 488
Korea, Japanese occupation of 131, 325, 333, 355
Korea, U. S. occupation of 294, 325
KoreamAmericans      25; 17, 20; 120) 121, 160) 1317 13372947325 )738173327
    333, 355, 513, 640
Korean Community Service Center, San Francisco 331
Korean unification 130
Korean War, 1950-1953 2, 3, 121, 130, 131, 133, 172, 325, 355, 370, 436, 547,
    628, 640
Koreans 121
Kosciusko, Mississippi                 659
Kothari, Geeta 20
Krupat, Arnold 8
Ku, Dong Kwan            3
Kudaka, Geraldine            20
Kurata, Joseph Y. 12
528           Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



Kwan, Karen       345
Kwan, Nancy        356
Kwong, Peter 356
Kwuon, Imjung 3


LaBelle, Patti    98
LaBelle (singing group)              346
labor activists 309
labor unions 94
laborers 40
Ladies Professional Golf Association (LPGA)             491
Lady Trojans (basketball team) 139
Lagos, Nigeria 459
Laguda, Joey 187
Laguna Pueblo Indians                16
Lai Bing Chan 125
Lake Arrowhead, California                 345
Lakota Indians         9, 63, 174, 414, 417, 505, 564, 597
Lakota language          505
Lam, Andrew  14
Lame Woman, Tim            118
Lancandén Mayans               263
land claims      195
land grants      598
Lane, Arnie      313
Lang, Hung 21
Langston University 194, 293
language 35, 278, 371
language instruction 554
languages 361
Laramie, Wyoming 63
Laredo, Texas      103
Larson, Louise Leung             5
Las Vegas, Nevada    410, 663
Latinas (See also Chicanas, Mexican Americans, and Hispanic
     Americans) 10, 35, 247, 270, 461, 528, 606
Latino USA (National Public Radio program)              270
Latinos (See also Chicanos, Mexican Americans, and Hispanic
     Americans) 10, 102, 367, 444, 598
Latus, Luz 187
laundries 125, 660
Lavallade, Carmen de 30
law enforcement 39
law school 307, 404
                                                Index                      529



Lawrenceville Prep School 383
Lawton, Oklahoma 244
lawyers 52, 166, 175, 200, 220, 252, 265, 267, 307, 317, 365, 404, 438, 464,
     541, 561, 565, 581, 584, 648
Le, Nan T. 21
Lebanese Americans              23, 324, 427
Lebanon 324, 427
lecturers 444
Lee, Chang-Rae 20
Lee, Cherylene 356
Lee, Fay Ann          356
Lee, Gus 5
Lee, K.W. 3
Lee, Karen 356
Lee, Karen Tsen 356
Lee, Kyu (Min) 3
Lee, Kyung-Ja         3
Lee, Li-Young         20
Lee, Mary Paik         5
Lee, Sandy 3
Lee, Terry (Bakari Shabazz)               543
LeFlore County, Mississippi               272
legal system 166
legends 501
legislators 328, 364, 402, 492
legislature, Kansas 402
Leighton, Dr. Alexander M. 451
Leonard, Sugar Ray             644
letters   114
Lewis, Anna   65
Lewis, Joe 644
Liberia 396, 515
Liberian-German-Americans                  396
librarians 482, 551
libraries 608
Library of Congress            176, 403
life skills   569
lifestyles 525
Ligon Family 292
Lim, Tong Sun 3
Lima, Peru      159
Limbaugh, Rush 469
Lincoln, Abraham 326
Lincoln Institute          52, 328
Lincoln Market (Merced, California)                 660
530          Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



Lincoln, Mary Todd 326 ;
Lincoln University, Pennsylvania             44
linguists 449
literacy 149
literacy programs 608
literary criticism 137
literature 137, 614
Little Eagle, Avis 118
Little Havana (Miami)         476
Little, Louise 34
Little Rock, Arkansas       57, 265
Little Rock Nine 57
Little Royal (singer) 475
Littlejohn Family (Columbia, North Carolina)            506
Littleton, Colorado     647
liver transplants 603
Livingstone College 68
Lockburne Army Air Base                172
Lodge Grass, Montana   619
Lomax, Alan 176
London, England 167, 384, 546
London, Ontario, Canada 43
Long Beach, California 130, 131
Long Branch, New Jersey 595, 596
long jumpers 58
Longview State Hospital 86
Looking Horse, Chief Arvol 118
Lorca Family 579
Lorde, Audre 4
Los Angeles, California        27, 30, 49, 135, 151, 190, 264, 278, 291, 294, 295,
    298, 308, 325, 330, 332, 356, 379, 413, 519, 542, 546, 621, 629, 663
Los Angeles County Hospital 94
Los Angeles Raiders (football team)                32
Los Angeles riots, 1992 469
Los Angeles Times     206
Los Gatos, California       666
Louis, Joe 657
Louisiana    82, 170, 240, 321, 380, 447, 452, 468, 518, 603, 647
Louisville Courier-Journal        56
Louisville, Kentucky        56, 328, 385, 492
Love, Arella 544
Love, Tommy 379
Love Unlimited Orchestra 639
Love Unlimited (singing group)               639
Low, David     20
                                            Index                    531



Lowe, Pardee      5
Lower Sioux Community, Minnesota                    9
Lozada, Eriberto P,, Jr. 17
Lucero, Evelina Zuni 8
Lum, Darrell H. Y. 5
Lupe, Ronnie      118
Lupus (disease)       595
Lutheran church         337, 614
Lutherans 128
Luu, Khon 21
Lydia Children's Home 259
Lynchburg, Virginia 403, 490
lynching   74, 205



Macalester College 214
Madison magazine 430
Madison, Wisconsin 584, 607
magazine editors 115, 411
Magic Dragon espionage case                 344
Magowan, Peter          111
Maine 328
major league baseball            151
Makabe, Wilson        586
Malacca, Malaysia 368
Malaysia 368, 591
Malaysian Americans 368, 591
Malroutu, Lakshmi 17
Mammoth Insurance Company                    328
Man Sei! (by Peter Hyun) 294
managers 657
Manchuria, China 131, 536
Mandela, Nelson         421
Manga Yonin Shosei 340
Mangusmana, Binalonan, Pangasinan, The Philippines              94
Manhattan Community College                  537
Manigault, Donald          388
Manigault Institute        388
Mankiller, Chief Wilma            13, 118
Manrique, Jaime       10
Manteca, California 331
Manzanar Relocation Center              19, 40, 287, 456, 586
map making 195
marching bands 54
Marcos regime 538
5SZ           Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



MarDock family (Texas) 390
MarDock, Sam (Mar Yum Eh)                390
Marine Corps        See United States Marine Corps
Market Chinatown, Los Angeles              542
marriage 47, 51, 58, 86, 111, 154, 168, 173, 233, 245, 259, 286, 290, 343, 361,
    375, 378, 384, 470, 471, 492, 500, 532, 540, 569, 571, 576, 579, 610, 617,
    632, 647
Marshall, Texas 158
Marshall, Thurgood 194, 438
Martha's Vineyard             573, 638
Marti, Jose    78
Martin Family (Round Top, Texas) 292
Martin Luther King, Jr. Hospital 663
Martinez, Rubén           6
Mary E. Brown Community Center 322
Maryland 43, 70, 107, 153, 173, 211, 282, 293, 325, 347, 365, 421, 493, 494,
    519, 554, 558, 584, 599, 643, 653, 655, 659
Maryland State Police 493
Mashad, Iran 43
Massachusetts 38, 133, 143, 226, 294, 368, 554, 624, 638
Masumoto Family Farm (California)                398
mathematicians 388
Mathias, Fern 118
Matsui, Takashi 12
Mayan Indians 16, 263
Mayfield, Curtis 98
Mays, Benjamin Elijah             175
McAnany, Anna         7
McBride, James        6
McCall Patterns       365
McCarthyism         72, 125
McCauley, Robbie 4
McDonogh Elementary School (New Orleans)               82
McFerrin, Bobby 47
McGill University 15
McNeil, Lori 210
McQueen, Wini 4
Measure A (Texas) 136
Medal of Honor 50, 60
Medi-Cal benefits 469
media 222
mediations 252
medical doctors See doctors and surgeons
medical laboratory technicians 647
medical residencies 603, 605
                                           Index                                       533



medical school 102, 595, 603, 605
medical treatment 652
medicine men 174, 527
Mediratta, Kavitha 17
Meharry Medical College 197, 363, 663
Meharry School of Dentistry            410
Mehta, Nina 6
Melvin, Harold 475
Memphis, Tennessee           199, 221, 335, 336, 561, 637
men     2, 17, 19, 22, 24, 25, 26, 28, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 36, 38, 39, 40, 42, 44, 45,
       50, 52, 53, 54, 58, 60, 64, 65, 66, 68, 69, 71, 74, 75, 76, 77, 80, 84, 85, 86,
      88, 89, 91, 93, 94, 95, 96, 97, 98, 99, 100, 101, 102, 104, 108, 109, 110, 111,
       112,114, 119, 120, 122, 123, 125, 127,,129, 130,131, 132, 1337134, 136;
       143, 146, 150, 151, 153, 154, 155, 156, 158, 168, 170, 172, 173, 174, 176,
       180, 181, 183, 184, 185, 187, 188, 189, 193, 195, 196, 197, 198, 200, 201,
      202, 203, 204, 205, 206, 207, 209, 212, 215, 216, 217, 218, 219, 220, 221,
      2222247 2257226, 227, 228; 2295230) 232) 2352872392 4042412402
      243, 246, 248, 249, 250, 254, 255, 256, 257, 258, 259, 260, 261, 262, 263,
      265, 266, 267, 269, 275, 276, 277, 278, 282, 283, 285, 288, 290, 291, 293,
      294, 295, 296, 297, 299, 300, 301, 306, 307, 308, 310, 311, 313, 314, 315,
      316, 318, 320, 327, 329, 330, 333, 334, 335, 336, 337, 340, 341, 342, 347,
      348, 350, 351, 353, 354, 356, 357, 358, 359, 360, 362, 363, 364, 365, 366,
      367, 369, 370, 372, 373, 374, 375, 376, 379, 380, 381, 383, 386, 387, 390,
      391, 392, 393, 395, 396, 397, 398, 399, 400, 401, 402, 409, 410, 412, 414,
      418, 420, 421, 422, 423, 424, 427, 429, 434, 435, 436, 439, 440, 442, 443,
      444, 447, 448 449 451, 452, 453, 454, 455, 456, 457, 458, 459, 460, 462,
      463, 465, 468, 473, 474, 475, 476, 477, 479, 480, 481, 482, 484, 486, 487,
      488, 490, 491, 493, 496, 497, 498, 500, 502, 504, 509, 511, 514, 515, 516,
      517, 513,519 520, 521, 522,524, 525, 530) 531) 532,583; 5347585/0936;
      538, 539, 543, 544, 545, 546, 547, 548, 549, 551, 552, 554, 556, 558, 559,
      561, 562, 565, 566, 568, 570, 572, 573, 574, 575, 576, 577, 581, 587, 588,
      589, 593, 594, 598, 599, 600, 601, 604, 607, 609, 611, 614, 615, 616, 621,
      623, 624, 626, 627, 628, 629, 630, 633, 639, 640, 641, 642, 643, 644, 645,
      646, 647, 648, 650, 651, 652, 653, 654, 655, 656, 657, 661, 663, 664, 667,
      668, 670, 672, 673
Mental Health Commission             244
mental health practitioners          342
mental illness    404, 618
mentors 213, 253
Merced, California      660
merchants and business people              3, 189, 219, 367, 464, 542, 581, 631, 664
Merrill, Charles E. 175
Mestizaje 181
Meta Tantay 527
Meters (musical group)         447
534          Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



Methodist Church             262, 634
Mexican American Opportunity Foundation                          429
Mexican American Youth Organization (MAYO)                             232
Mexican Americans              (See also Chicanas, Chicanos, Hispanic Americans,
      Latinas, and Latinos) 10, 28, 39, 42, 60, 103, 112, 114, 181, 207, 216,
      232, 239, 247, 263, 270, 307, 376, 377, 428, 429, 444, 477, 500, 516, 526,
      528, 539, 598, 612, 615
Mexican Revolution, 1910-1920                   477
Mexican Salvadoran Americans 6
Mexicans 516
Mexico 114, 195, 263, 270, 377, 428, 477, 481, 526, 539, 598, 615
Meyer, Allen H.         12
Miami, Florida      43, 78, 476, 484, 540, 603, 617
Miami University             610
Michigan 41, 68, 72, 180, 199, 221, 314, 337, 343, 401, 410, 436, 513, 561,
     562, 573, 609, 657, 658, 668, 674
Michigan Supreme Court 561
microbiologists 571
midwives 560
migrant farm workers               ..247, 443, 612
Miles College      663
military hospitals           556
Military Intelligence Service (MIS)                   12, 250
Miller, Cheryl 423
Millersburg, Kentucky              328
Millner, Caille     1
Min, Pyong Gap           17
Minatoya, Lydia          5
Minerva, Ohio 491
Ming Quong Home (Los Gatos, California)                         666
Minidoka, Idaho 586
mining 195
ministers See clergy
Minneapolis, Minnesota               362, 607
Minneapolis School of Art                434
Minnegasco        105
Minnesota      8, 9, 105, 214, 222, 240, 247, 309, 434, 607
Minnesota Vikings (football team)                     222
minority student recruitment                   444
Mirabal, Robert         118
miscegenation laws             See antimiscegenation laws
Miss White's School (Montgomery, Alabama)                         106, 166
missionaries      140, 557
Mississippi 83, 127, 186, 189, 191, 226, 240, 257, 272, 314, 321, 395, 408,
     410, 473, 507, 514, 544, 548, 587, 588, 623, 659, 668
                                          Index                       535



Mississippi Delta Region 186, 335
Mississippi Freedom Democratic Party 257
Mississippi River 240
Mississippi State Sovereignty Commission 395
Missouri 11, 91, 120, 131, 165, 226, 240, 288, 325, 424, 517, 604
Missouri Baptist Hospital 131
Miwok Indians, Federated Coast                 8
modeling 238
modern dance 313
Mogadishu, Somalia 167
Mohatt, Gerald 174
Mohave Indian Reservation              173
Mohawk Indians              327, 597
Mollyglaspers 176
Momaday, N. Scott 13, 118
Monmouth College, West Long Branch, New Jersey             595, 596
Mono Indians 354
Montana    9, 174, 563, 619
Montclair, New Jersey 403, 411, 472
Montejo, Victor D. 16
Montel Williams MS Foundation 652
Montel Williams Show 653
Montgomery, Alabama _ 106, 220
Montgomery Bus Boycott 106, 336
Montgomery, Cecilia Hernandez 9
Montgomery High School (Santa Rosa, California)           57
Moody Bible Institute 128
Moore, Aaron McDuffie 464
Moorer, Michael 196
Moorpark, California 429
MORE (Minority Officer Recruiting Efforts)          653
Morehouse College             175, 200, 336, 359
Morgan State College 554
Mori-Quayle, Sayuri 17
Mori, Toshio 5
Morimitsu, Arthur T.           12
Mormons 462
Morongo Indian Reservation              501
Morris, Ann      11
Morris Brown College (Atlanta)                142
Morrison, Toni        280
Mortuary business            409
Moses, Bob 175
Moses, Daniel David            16
mothers   10, 34, 59, 251, 270, 399, 403, 595, 632, 669
536         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



mothers of prisoners           672.
motivational speakers           259, 380, 388, 587
motorcycle journeys            242
Motown Records          343, 379, 609
Mound Bayou, Mississippi 190
Mount Holly, New Jersey 71
Mount Vernon, New York                464
MOVE     25, 26
Moy, Raymond         356
Ms. magazine      430
Mt. Olive, North Carolina 152
Muhlenberg College (Pennsylvania)              640
Mukherjee, Bharati         6
multiethnic Americans            See multiracial Americans, and bicultural
     Americans
multiple sclerosis      497, 652
multiracial Americans 6, 7, 8, 15, 20, 38, 60, 61, 63, 68, 133, 159, 173, 187,
     214, 235, 244, 249, 264, 307, 310, 323, 328, 332, 339, 361, 362, 371, 372,
     374, 377, 396, 399, 413, 424, 433, 437, 442, 443, 454, 507, 508, 509, 511,
     516, 527, 541, 542, 547, 561, 564, 565, 582, 593, 597, 610, 615, 645, 648,
     654
multiracial families 310
Muncie, Indiana       648
Munich Competition             188
Mura, David 5, 6, 20
Murao, Helen 586
murder 566
murder trials 49
Murrell, Peter C., Jr. 15
Murrow Indian Orphanage (Oklahoma)                   555
music industry       295, 631, 639, 646
music promoters         631, 646
musicals 215
musicians 54, 85, 95, 104, 176, 199, 286, 295, 335, 339, 346, 379, 399, 447,
     604, 668
Muskogee, Oklahoma 555
Muslims 29, 180, 324, 342, 459, 543, 585, 667
My Lai Massacre (Vietnam Conflict) 589
My One Good Nerve (one-woman show) 154
Myanmar 323
Myges, Menno 622
mysticism 385
                                          Index                                Bey!



NAACP    57, 82, 175, 189, 190, 194, 227, 257, 309, 329, 330, 364, 395, 403,
   410, 421, 517, 544, 556, 572, 641, 671
NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund 175
NPR See National Public Radio (NPR)
Naha, Chiapas, Mexico          263
Nairobi, Kenya     515
Nakahata, Donald         586
Nanjing, China 673
Nanjing Teacher's University             673
Narasaki, Ken 356
Nashville, Tennessee         200, 427
Nassar, Abdul 29
Nassau, Bahamas        484
Natchez, Mississippi         189
Nation of Islam    129, 180, 342, 585, 667
National Air and Space Museum                   79
National   Airmen's Association of America 79
National   Association of Black Journalists 206
National   Basketball Association (NBA) 248, 266, 651
National   Black Caucus 309
National   Cancer Institute 656
National Council of Churches 670
National Council of Negro Women                      251
National Football League (NFL)                 32, 156, 308, 593
National Geographic Magazine 69
National Indian Opportunities Council                      244
National Public Radio (NPR) 270, 315
National Youth Movement 545
Native-American culture 564
Native-American history            564
Native Americans See American Indians and individual tribes
Navajo Indians 8, 16, 114, 417, 443, 462
Naval Academy      653
Nazi party 396
NBA See National Basketball Association (NBA)
NBC 317
NCAA 308
Nebraska  174, 505
needlework artists 191
Negritude 554
Negro Leagues 453, 519
Nesbit, Charisse   1
neural surgeons    109
Nevada 120, 173, 410, 422, 663
Neville Brothers (musical group)               447
538             Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



Nevis     438
New Bern, North Carolina         92, 552
New Breed Republicans         486
New Delhi, India       551
New England        47, 494
New Era Democratic Club of Harlem                 578
New Hampshire         618
New Haven, Connecticut          233, 438, 460
New Jersey       44, 55, 70, 172, 286, 383, 403, 461, 472, 577
New Jersey Nets (basketball team)           651
New Mexicans 612
New Mexico        8, 104, 112, 114, 195, 303, 428, 598, 606, 612
New Mexico (territory of) 114
New Oakland Boxing Club (Oakland, California)             644
New Orleans, Louisiana         82, 170, 321, 447, 468, 603
New Shiloh Baptist Church (Baltimore, Maryland)              460
New York City       30, 56, 72, 85, 99, 110, 167, 199, 203, 213, 243, 247, 270, 271,
      289, 294, 298, 308, 313, 314, 339, 356, 362, 365, 366, 383, 399, 434, 460,
      537, 545, 546, 551, 578, 582, 601, 609, 610, 646, 651, 667, 670, 674
New York City Ballet 582
New York City Housing Authority Police Department (NYCHAPD)                    366
New     York Federal Theater 294
New     York Jets (football team) 308
New     York Knicks (basketball team) 359, 423
New     York Mets (baseball team) 217
New     York Police Department (NYPD) 366
New York School of Performing Arts            339
New York Shakespeare Festival 274
New York (state) 38, 51, 54, 55, 58, 115, 125, 142, 172, 199, 215, 235, 236,
   238, 249, 255, 313, 319, 325, 327, 330, 356, 359, 373, 382, 404, 411, 413,
   422, 425, 438, 449, 464, 467, 470, 488, 494, 506, 537, 538, 565, 567, 577,
   578, 611, 627, 645, 654
New York State Higher Education Services Corporation               142
New York Times 430
New York University 359, 404, 449
New York Yankees (baseball team) 217, 534, 576, 629
Newark, Ohio 614
Newport News, Virginia         649
news commentators, television         512
news reporters 332, 512
newspaper columnists 56
newspaper columns 407
Newton, Huey     26, 80
Nez Perce Indians 8
Nez Perce Indians, Wallowa Band             264
                                      Index                                        539



 Nguyen, Chau 21
 Nguyen, Duyen 21
 Nguyen, Ha 21
 Nguyen, Hai Dai 14
 Nguyen, Hien Trong 21
 Nguyen, Hung 21
 Nguyen, Lan 21
Nguyen, Minh 21
Nguyen, Qui-Duc 20
Nicaraguan Americans 10
Nigeria 459, 496, 624
Nigerian Americans 459
Nigerian-British-Americans         457, 458
nightclub owners 657
nightclubs 546
Nijinska, Bronislava 582
Nike 359
Nim Indians 354
Nisei (Japanese Americans)         12, 40, 50, 250, 341, 398, 580, 581, 586, 602
Nishikawa, Lane 356
Nishimura, Hiro 12
Nishita, Miye Yamasaki 602
Niwa, Haruko 586
Nixon administration 496
Nixon, Richard 155
NNSJ Publishing 259
Nobel Peace Prize 336
Nogales, Arizona     516
Nogales, Mexico 516
nomadic life 167
Nonpartisan League 309
nonviolent activists 7, 226, 336
Nordstrom department stores 380
Normal, Illinois 234
North Carolina 43, 68, 70, 92, 101, 133, 141, 144, 152, 198, 206, 227, 300,
    311, 330, 374, 407, 460, 464, 471, 496, 506, 519, 552, 578, 599, 649, 665
North Carolina A&T University          496
North Carolina Mutual Life Insurance Company             464
North Carolina State School for the Deaf and Blind          665
North Central Baptist Church (St. Paul, Minnesota)          209
North Korea 130, 131, 325, 355, 640
North St. Louis, Missouri 165
North Vietnam      182, 344, 449
Northeastern Illinois University       259
Northwestern University       142, 222, 656
540         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



Norton, Kenny 196
Norway 413
Norwegian Americans               507
Not Help Him, Celane 9
novelists 159, 204, 269, 440, 538, 617
Nunez, Sigrid 5
Nuremberg laws 396
Nureyev, Rudolf 582
nurses 3, 450, 596, 632
nursing homes     251


O'Connor, Flannery          461
O'Hearn, Claudine C.          6
Oakland, California 80, 213, 229, 331, 394, 644, 667
Oakland City College 667
Oakland Tribune       644
Oakwood College (Huntsville, Alabama)                    134
Obata, Benjamin T. 12
Ober Boys Club 209
Oberlin College       140, 437
obstetricians 596
obstetrics and gynecology 197
Off-Broadway productions 274
officers, Air Force     433
officers, Marine Corps           480
officers, United States Army              3, 76, 488, 532, 547, 640
Oglala Sioux Indians 9, 414
Ogletree, Charles 351
Ohio 62, 86, 128, 184, 223, 337, 375, 409, 437, 460, 468, 482, 491, 519, 530,
     558, 605, 610, 614, 627
Ohio State University 420
Oishi, Gene 5
Ojibway Indians        434, 474
Oka, Kay 602
Okada, Peter K.       12
Okanagan 16
Okinawa, Japan 640
Oklahoma 8, 53, 65, 128, 200, 216, 293, 371, 394, 509, 555, 582, 588, 600
Oklahoma Baptist University 128
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 394
Oklahomans for Indian Opportunity                  244
Old Testament theology 634
Olympic basketball teams                320, 645
Olympic champions           58
                                  Index                     541



Olympics 248, 271, 320
Olympics (1956) 310
Olympics (1960) 310
Olympics (1968) 196
Olympics (1984) 298,322
Olympics (1988) 322
Olympics (1992) 322, 645
Olympics (1996) 246, 322, 645
Olympics (1998) 345
Olympics (2000) 246
Omaha, Nebraska          379
Omega Boys Club          393
Omi, Sharon     356
oncologists    656
one-woman shows 160
Oneida Indians 8, 16
open housing      227
opera 188
opera singers 188
Operation Bread Basket 545
Operation Crossroads Africa     175
Opportunities Industrialization Centers (OIC)   577
oral histories 3, 11, 12, 187, 331, 356, 586
Oral Roberts University 588
Orange, New Jersey 577
Oregon   8, 120, 232, 369
Oregon Council for Hispanic Advancement (OHCA)        232
organic farming       397
Orlando, Florida        246
orphanages     666
orphans 99, 332, 643, 666
Ortiz, Simon 13
Osage Indians 8, 509, 582
Osage Reservation 509
The Ossie Davis and Ruby Dee Story Hour   154
Ota, Mabel 586
Otoe Indians 8
Ouachita Baptist University 128
"Our Business Foundation"   198
Our Gang (film series) 297
Overhill Band, Cherokee Indians       8
Owens, Louis      8
Oxford, Ohio 610
Oxford University 607
Oy Quong Laundry 660
542           Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



Pacific Citizen       285
pacifists 7
Paige, Satchel 453, 519
Painter, Nell Irvin 4
painters   93
Pakistan 551
Palestine 29, 236, 324
Palestine, Texas 547
Palestinian Americans 236, 531
Palmetto, Florida 467
Palo Alto, California 264, 536
Pampang, Philippines 538
Pan American Development Foundation             367
Panamanian-Chinese-German-Americans              5
Paradise Valley, Michigan          657
Paramus, New Jersey 640
Paris, France 215, 255, 339, 383, 404, 546
Paris, William "Bubba" 245
Park College, Parkville, Missouri 120
Park, Eun Sik 3
Park, James       3
Park, Sung Yong             3
Parks, Rosa       106
parochial schools            337
Partido Revolucionario Cubano 78
Pasadena, California 120, 177
pastors See clergy
Paterson, New Jersey 461
Patience, Edgar          471
Patton, Alabama              442
Pawnee Indians              8
pay equity 267
Peace and Freedom Party            80
Peace Corps 478, 496
peach farming           397, 398
Pearchfield, Dave 604
Pearsall, Texas 247
pediatric neurosurgeons 108
pediatric surgeons 178
Peinado, J. Carlos (J. C. Whiteshirt)     118
Pembroke, North Carolina            374
Penman, Sarah 9
Penn, Robert E. 1
Penn, W.S. 8
                                        Index                                         543



Pennsylvania       24, 25, 45, 204, 253, 275, 357, 471, 475, 498, 550, 574, 577,
    605, 614
Pennsylvania prisons 26
Pennsylvania State University           69
Pentecostal Church        238, 378, 512, 634, 658
Penticton Indian Band 16
People to People International 310
People's Republic of China See China
Peoria, Illinois    497
Pérez Firmat, Gustava           10
performance art 385
Performing Arts High School            537
perinatalogy 596
Perote, Alabama 671
Perpich, Rudy 309
Persian Gulf War 2
personnel officers 202
Peru 159
Peruvian Americans 10, 159
Petry, Ann 280
Pettigrew Plantation 506
Pham, Chi (Minh) 481
Philadelphia 76ers (basketball team)            651
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania           25, 45, 203, 204, 253, 475, 550, 577, 614, 667
Philadelphia Phillies (baseball team)           568
Philadelphia Public School System 628
philanthropists 365
Philippines 38, 94, 413, 507, 508, 511, 538, 607
Philippines, Japanese occupation of 511, 538
philosophers 341, 351
Phoenix Suns (basketball team)           248, 651
photographers 4, 420, 458
photographic essays 420
photography 420, 457, 458
Le, Phung     21
Physicians See doctors and surgeons
physicists 227, 386
pianists 546, 604
Pike County, Alabama        364
pilots   79, 172, 193, 197, 390, 480, 556
Pine Bluff, Arkansas 312
Pine Ridge Reservation, South Dakota             9, 414, 474, 610
Pipe Shop, Alabama        405
pipefitters 105
Piper, Arline Lorraine      1
544           Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania            97
Plains, Georgia 363
Planned Parenthood            632
Plano, Texas    575
plantations 96
Plattsburgh, New York 470
playwrights 272
Plessy v. Ferguson 200, 438
Plymouth, Massachusetts 226
poetry 47, 104, 160, 164, 214, 281, 654
poets 4, 27, 37, 42, 51, 53, 102, 104, 123, 125, 164, 236, 249, 263, 278, 280,
      281, 306, 316, 319, 327, 368, 385, 406, 422, 428, 437, 439, 476, 507, 509,
      538, 543, 591, 654, 667, 668
Poitier, Sidney 154
Pol Pot regime (Cambodia)                613
polar exploration       261
police brutality      26, 295, 376
police departments 366, 493
police officers 366, 528
police racism 376
policemen 3, 39
Polish Americans 399
political activists    40, 72, 180, 232, 233, 239, 267, 289, 351, 414, 454, 522,
     530, 545, 578, 598, 618, 632, 667, 674
Political Association of Spanish Speaking Organizations (PASO)             232
political campaigns 492
political commentators 372
political prisoners 357
politicians    136, 226, 402, 421, 492
politics 165, 244, 486, 487, 522, 581, 591
Ponca City, Oklahoma 293
Ponca Indians 509
Poor Peoples Campaign 336, 670
Popeye and Stokley 584
popular music 85, 135, 221, 286
Portland Blazers (basketball team)             645
Portland, Maine 328
Portland, Oregon 120, 369
post traumatic syndrome             500
postal workers 291
Poston Relocation Center            451, 535, 586
Pottstown, Pennsylvania             574
poverty   55, 58, 60, 168, 243, 389, 643
Powell, Adam Clayton, Jr. 545, 577
Powell, Colin 206
                                     Index                            545



Powell, Larry      491
Powell, Renee       491
Powell, W. H.R. 490
Pratt Institute 237
prayers 252
pre-World War II conflicts 2
preachers See clergy
Presbyterian Church 262
Preston Love Orchestra 379
Pretty Sounding Flute, Stella    9
Price, Kyong-Ae 3
Prince Edward County, Virginia 490
Princess Anne, Maryland 293
Princeton University 611
principals See school principals
prison chaplains 460
prison life 460
prison reform 321
prisoners   24, 25, 26, 51, 460, 474, 562, 614, 672
prisoners of war      536
prisons 25, 111, 234, 295, 363, 414, 474, 562, 566, 614
Professional Golf Association (PGA) 491
Professional Youth Conservatory 201
professors See college and university professors, educators, and teachers
promoters 657
Proposition 209 (California)    136
prostitution 211, 369
Providence College (Rhode Island)        645
psychiatric aids 647
psychiatric hospitals 618
psychiatrists 351
psychological abuse 99
psychological disorders 204
psychologists 173, 353
PTL Singers 658
Public Enemy 129
public relations 328
public school system 550
publishers 427, 571, 652
Pueblo, Colorado 39
Pueblo Indians      114
Puerto Ricans 10, 111, 461, 533, 537, 618
Puerto Rico 111, 533, 618
Punjab, India 551
Purdue University         405
546         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



Purlie Victorious (theatrical production)           154
Putnam County, Georgia              608
Pyeng Yang, Korea 120
Pyongyang, North Korea              355


Quakers    See Society of Friends
Quality Education for All Students (QUEST)                492
Queens, New York 236
quilting   9, 191


Radcliffe College         464
radio 52,631
radio broadcasters          375, 421, 511
radio programs        421
radio stations      351, 375
Ralph Lemon Company                362
ranchers 114
rap music 129, 295, 349, 373, 566, 569
rape 70, 404
Rawlings, Marjorie Kinnan                466, 467
La Raza Unida        232
Reagan Administration              478
real estate 114, 227, 581
realtors 291, 331
recording industry 87, 98, 129, 249, 373, 382, 639, 646
Red Cloud, Chief Oliver 118
Red Hook Housing Project 399
Red House clan, Navajo Indians                8
Reddick, Antoine P. 1
Reddick, Florida 467
Redding, Otis 98
Redevelopment Agency, Vallejo                 517
Reeves, Martha        97
Reevis, Steve       118
refugees 14, 21, 121, 128, 182, 192, 211, 236, 262, 268, 325, 396, 420, 450,
     476, 481, 482, 567, 592, 613, 617
Regional Council of Negro Leadership                257
rehabilitation       298, 614
relationships       281, 332, 373, 381, 430, 569, 583, 610, 649
religious activists        180
religious conversions            221, 460
religious leaders 180
religious observances 67
                                              Index                                      547



relocation camps           See internment camps (concentration camps, reloca-
        tions camps, relocation centers)
relocation centers          See   internment camps           (concentration camps, reloca-
        tions camps, relocation centers)
Rentiesville, Oklahoma 200
Republican Party 155, 202, 469
Republican Party, Vallejo           517
restaurants 526
restavecs 99
“Revelations” peace memorial to Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr. 385
revolutionary movements                 450
Rhee, Yanny         3
rheumatoid arthritis 252
Rhode Island 140, 143
Rhode Island State Normal School 140
rhythm and blues music 87, 135, 221, 298, 335, 346, 378, 382, 475
Rice, Mary Magdalene              403
Richmond, California 562
Richmond, Virginia 267, 522
Rilke, Rainer Maria 279
riots    395, 657
Ripley, Ohio        468
Riverside, California 227, 535
Roanoke, Virginia 267
Robeson, Paul 69
Robinson, Bernice 670
Robinson, Jackie 453, 519
Robinson, Norman     519
Robinson, Sugar Ray 644
Robinson, Tracy L. 15
Rochester, New York 325
Rochin, Refugio           526
Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 87
rock and roll music 112, 249, 295, 298, 378
Rock the Vote 373
Rocky Branch, Texas 157
Roger Williams College 200
Rohwer (Arkansas) Internment Camp _ 19, 586
Rolling Thunder (spiritual leader) 173
Roman, Joe 196
Ronyoung, Kim (aka Gloria Hahn)                  5
Roosevelt High School, Gary, Indiana                   628
Roots by Alex Haley 385
Rosebud Reservation, South Dakota                     414
Rosewald Schools           74
548          Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



Ross, Anthony 1
Ross, Diana 609
ROTC 488
Round Top, Texas       292
Royal Publishers 427
Ruby Bridges Foundation            82
runners  142
Rushin, Kate 4
Russia 536
Rutgers University         496, 569
Rwanda    515
Ryan, Son 604
Ryu, James    3


Sacajawea     284
Sacramento, California         126, 542
Sagan, Carl 611
Saigon, Vietnam      449, 450, 481
sailors   198, 448
Saint Louis, Missouri        324
Sakakida, Richard M. 12
Sakamoto, Eddie 586
Salazar, Ruben 42
salesmen 427
Salinas, California 246
Salvation Army       646
Samoan Americans 2, 593
San Antonio Spurs (basketball team)             524
San Antonio, Texas         181, 539
San Diego, California         187, 526
San Francisco 49ers (football team)           222, 245, 534
San Francisco, California          42, 47, 49, 57, 102, 120, 123, 230, 313, 324, 325,
    331, 340, 341, 353, 356, 385, 393, 413, 457, 458, 538, 612, 667
San Francisco Giants (baseball team) 111, 534
San Joaquin River      354
San Joaquin Valley, California 354, 397, 444
San Jose, California 42, 481
San Juan, E., Jr. 94
San Juan Pueblo Indians 8
San Quentin Prison 80
Sansei (Japanese Americans) 2, 397, 398, 456
Santa Ana, California 528
Santa Anita Assembly Center 296
Santa Barbara State Teacher's College            429
                                                 Index                        549



 Santa Fe, New Mexico              104, 303, 428
 Santa Rosa, California            57
 Santiago, Esmeralda             10
 Santos, A. B. 187
 Santos, Juanita 187
 Santurce Crabbers (baseball team)                     111
 Sapelo Island       48
 Sarasota, Florida         453
 Sarasota High School             453
 Sarris, Greg    8
 Sasaki, R.A.    5
 Saudi Arabia     211
 saxophonists        379
scams      316
Schenectady, New York                  449
Schiesler, M. Antoinette               351
scholarly publishing             280
scholars     225, 482
scholarship programs              253
school administrators 425, 612
school board members 578
school music programs                 54
School of American Ballet                  582
school principals          425, 574, 612
school superintendents                107
Scotland 491
Scott Air Force Base 172
Sea Islands, South Carolina                  48, 478
sea voyages 143
Seale, Bobby     80
seamstresses     583
Sears, Vickie    8
Sears Department Store                 237
Seattle Mariners (baseball team) 228
Seattle Supersonics (basketball team) 380, 645
Seattle, Washington 2, 285, 380, 507, 645
Secola, Keith 118
secretaries 141
Secretaries of State        488
See, Lisa 6
segregation    11,52, 57, 107, 127, 134, 166, 172, 194, 209, 223, 248, 267, 291,
     293, 311, 329, 347, 374, 409, 410, 433, 448, 480, 491, 519, 547, 560, 627,
     628, 663, 671
self-esteem 349
self-help 110, 198, 219, 574
550            Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



Self-Help Investment Program (SHIPS)                         577
self respect     569
Selfridge Field, Michigan                   172, 556
Sellers, Larry 118
Selma, Alabama 220, 670
Seminole Indians 654
Senna, Danzy         6
Senzaki, Mio      586
Seoul, Korea      131
"separate but equal" doctrine                    267
Serrano Indians           501
Serrano language           501
session musicians              379
Seventh Day Adventists                     134
sex education 197
sexual abuse 51, 70, 178, 318
sexuality 439, 524, 525
Shakur, Tupac 566
Shange, Ntozake 18
Shanghai, China            117, 208, 285, 384
Shanghai Women's Savings Bank                          117
sharecropping 40, 67, 83, 176, 335, 472, 548, 575, 599, 608
Shawnee, Oklahoma 128
Shebala, Marley 118
Shedd, Mark 628
Shelly, Elaine       4
Shenandoah, Joanne                   118
shepherds      462
Sheth, Shay 17
Shiloh Baptist Church (Bennettsville, South Carolina)               175
Shin, Kun 3
Shinoda, Paul 586
ship captains 143
ships' logs 143
Shoshone Indians               284
Siberia, Russia          536
Sicat, Leo 187
Sidney Lanier High School (Montgomery, Alabama)                    106
Sierra Leone      48, 143, 478
Sikhs 551
Silicon Valley (California)                353
Silko, Leslie Marmon                  13, 16
Silver Spring, Maryland 43
Simi Valley, California 429
Simmons College 15
                                                Index                              551



Simon and Westella Estes Scholarship Fund                        188
Simon Estes Educational Foundation                         188
Simon Estes Fund at the University of lowa                       188
Simon Estes International Foundation for Children                      188
Simon's Rock College               115
Simpson, George 7
Simpson, O.J. 32, 49
Sinaloa, Mexico          526
Sinatra, Frank       155
Singapore 123, 285
singers 47, 85, 87, 98, 129, 135, 155, 176, 188, 199, 201, 218, 221, 249, 255,
     286, 289, 298, 335, 339, 343, 349, 371, 373, 378, 382, 447, 475, 546, 566,
     569, 584, 625, 639, 658
Singh, Dr. Narindar 551
Singley, Bernestine 1
Sings-Alone, Grandfather Duncan                      173
Sioux Indians 137
the Siseton-Wahpeton Dakota Indians                        9
sisters      163, 595, 596, 625
Sivadas, Iraja 7
Sixteenth Street Baptist Church (Birmingham, Alabama)                        364
skin color      164, 541
Skyhawk, Sonny            118
slavery 31, 33, 36, 48, 61, 64, 66, 75, 88, 89, 90, 119, 132, 140, 143, 170, 171,
     185, 195, 212, 224, 254, 276, 282, 292, 326, 387, 392, 401, 442, 452, 455,
     463, 468, 495, 502, 506, 552, 558, 559, 594, 601, 626, 650
Smelcer, John E.         8
Smith, James Todd 373
Snowden, Gilda 4
soap operas 274
social activists     3, 110, 244, 530
social criticism      226, 487
social workers       44, 259, 321, 331, 578
Socialist Republic of Vietnam                  344
Socialist Workers Party 72
Socialists     72
Society of Friends           143
sociologists 62
Somalia       167, 515
Somekawa, Emi 586
Somerset Place Plantation                506
song lyrics 295
song writers 249
Soo-do Medical College (South Korea)                       131
Soul Machine (musical group)                   447
552          Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



soul music      85, 98, 199, 343
Sound Portraits (NPR program)               315
South Africa      108, 140, 515, 522, 577
South Bronx, New York          488
South Carolina      38, 48, 75, 85, 86, 172, 203, 227, 330, 374, 550, 574, 651
South Carolina State College          574
South Central, Los Angeles 393, 469, 614
South Dakota 9, 137, 414, 505, 563, 610
South Korea 130, 131, 325, 355, 507, 640
South Louisville, Kentucky 556
South Side, Chicago 315
South Vietnam 182, 344, 449
Southeastern Conference (SEC) 473
Southern Baptist Church         165
Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC)                257, 330, 364, 545,
    670, 671
Southern Illinois University          449
Southern United States         100, 134, 242, 440, 514
Southwest, United States 401, 610
Southwestern Athletic Conference (GWAC)             473
Soviet Union      495, 536
Spain 114, 618
special education teachers         535
Special Olympics 310
Spector, Phil    378
speech impediments 314, 380
speech writers 496
Spelman College 79, 175, 620
Spielberg, Steven 622
spies 344
Spin magazine 430
Spiritual Frontiers Fellowship           173
spiritual healing 192
spiritual journeys 634
spiritual renewal      549
spirituality 417, 527, 562, 597
Spokane Indians        8, 16
Sports Illustrated 644
sportswriters 347, 644
Spotted Elk, Grace 597
Springfield, Ohio      128
Spruill Family (Columbia, North Carolina)           506
St. Lawrence University (Canton, New York)               565
St. Louis Cardinals (baseball team) 111
St. Louis Hawks (basketball team) 645
                                          Index                                    553



St. Louis, Missouri 11, 131, 165, 226, 509, 517, 604
St. Louis World's Fair (1904) 11
St. Norbert's College (DePere, Wisconsin) 431
St. Paul A.M.E. Church (Madison, Wisconsin) 584
St. Paul, Minnesota    105, 209, 214
St. Paul Saints (baseball team) 576
St. Petersburg, Florida              43
St. Simons Island         48
Staajabu 1
stand-up comedians 497
Standing Bear, Luther 13
Stanford Law School 565
Stanford University 222, 281, 296, 383, 451
Star Creek District, Washington Parish, Louisiana            74
Stark County, Ohio             491
Starr, Arigon      118
State Correctional Institute at Greene            24
state employees 331
State Farm Insurance Company               234
state government 548
state legislators 409
state representatives 328
state senators      492
State University at Georgia 40
State University of New York, Binghamton               313
Stavans, Ilan      10
Steinbrenner, George            217
Steinem, Gloria         289
stenographers       596
steroid use 322
stock investments         289
Stokes, Bob 422
Straus, Ulrich 12
Strawberry, Darryl            217
Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SGNCC)                 175, 257, 272, 364,
    544, 670
subsistence living        636
substance abuse (See also addictions, alcoholism, and drug abuse)               178,
    238, 265, 342, 369, 447, 500, 528, 576, 636
Sudan 211
Suffolk, Virginia        399
Suh, Sean     3
Suhey, Matt       473
suicide 78, 413, 415, 431, 432, 481, 539, 618
Sullivan Principles 577
554              Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



Sun Crest Peach          398
Sun Dance ceremony 597
Sun Records 335
Sunnyvale Housing Project (California)                 57
Sunoo, Brenda Paik             3
Super Bowl 156
supermaximum prisons 26
supper clubs 546
Supreme Court See United States Supreme Court
The Supremes (singing group) 609
surfers 376
Surgeon Generals of the United States                 178, 197
surgeons      (See also doctors)         108, 130, 131, 178, 603, 605
Suzuki, Pat       356
Swann, Brian        8
Sweet Inspirations (singing group)              286
Syracuse University 561, 618
Syria 170


Tacna, Peru       159
tailors    567
Taipei, Taiwan          116, 547
Taiwan 116
Takahashi, Joanne          356
Takayoshi, Theresa 586
Takeshita, Ben 586
talk show hosts 540, 652, 659
talk shows 62, 653
Tall Oaks Country Club 164
Tan, Amy _ 5, 20
Tanabe, James Yukio                12
Tanforan Assembly Center                341
Tanzania 624
tap dancers       215, 297, 657
Tapahonso, Luci 8
Tateishi, Yuri 586
Taylor, Shanté 566
teachers (See also college and university professors and educators) 29,
     35, 54, 83, 99, 107, 140, 152, 157, 223, 251, 253, 272, 280, 284, 307, 312,
     337, 385, 388, 393, 425, 431, 437, 443, 482, 494, 503, 535, 541, 548, 550,
     567, 572, 574, 578, 612, 637, 673
TEAR (Treat Every American Right) 329
Ted Mack and the Original Amateur Hour                 343, 596
teen pregnancy           178, 199
                                            Index                           555



teenage delinquency         469
teenagers    18, 150, 236
Tehran, Iran 43
television 52, 129, 274, 317, 356
television evangelism 486
television personalities 62, 540, 659
television producers 233, 539
Tell Them We Are Rising scholarship program                  253
Telluride Association Summer Program 389
temperance movement 321
Temple University       69, 628
tenant farmers 40
Tennessee 67, 168, 199, 221, 240, 271, 291, 335, 336, 561, 637, 659
tennis players 210
Teton Indians 610
Texas 5&, 60; 95, 157, 173, 181, 193, 195, 201, 210, 232.237, 2472517292;
     310, 377, 390, 428, 547, 572, 575, 649
Texas A&M University 208
Texas College 572
Texas Rangers (baseball team)               568
Texas Southern University 572
Texas Wesleyan University 201
theater 154, 155, 160, 215, 255, 274, 294, 314, 356, 537
theater directors 294
Theologians 252, 351, 634
These Same Long Bones (Houghton Mifflin, 1994)                464
Thomas, Clarence 206
Thomas Nelson Publishers              427
Thomas, Piri 10
Thompson, Tracy Price 1
Thornton, Donald        595, 596
Thornton, Itasker Frances Edmonds                 595, 596
Thornton Sisters Band        595, 596
Three Day Promise (memoir of Donald K. Chung, 1988)                 130
Three Degrees (singing group) 609
Threlkeld, Mia 1
thuy, lé thi diem 6
Tianjin, China 384
Till, Emmett   544
Tirona, Connie    187
TLC Beatrice International Holdings                 365
Tlingit Indians 8
tobacco growing 472
Togasaki, Yoshiye 586
Tohono O'odham Indians            8
556          Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



Tolani Lake Reservation                  417
Toledo, Ohio 184
Tomihiro, Chiye 586
Tompkins Square Park                    110
Tongs 353
Tono, Jack       586
Topaz Relocation Center                   341, 586
Topeka, Kansas 480
Toronto Raptors (basketball team)                    645
Torrance, California 345
Totten, George Oakley III 12
tour managers 609
Touré    1
track and field 246, 322
trade 143
traditional roles 270
Trafzer, Clifford E. 8
Tran Cheang, Suzanne                 21
Tran, De     14
TransAfrica Forum              522
translators 53
transplant specialists             603
trauma 204
travel 69, 134, 158, 170, 208, 240, 241, 242, 406, 420, 435, 495, 507, 554, 623,
      637, 668
Trenton, New Jersey                383
tribal land claims 200
Trinity, Colorado 114
Trinity United Church of Christ (Chicago)                     59
Trisler, Joyce 30
Trojans (football teams)32
True Light Lutheran Church (New York, New York)                         125
Trumpet Awards               237
Truong, Hung            21
Truth, Sojourner 4
Tsalagi Indians 16
Tsang, Lori 6
Tsukahira, Toshio G.               12
Tsukamoto, Mary              586
tuberculosis       94
Tulare Assembly Center                    177
Tule Lake Relocation Center                     (also referred to as "Tule Lake Relocation
      Camp,” "Tule Lake Assembly Center," and "Tule Lake Segregation
     Center") 19, 296, 341, 580, 586
Tulsa, Oklahoma 394, 600
                                        Index                                    557



 Turkey 165, 170, 647
 Turlock Assembly Center 580
 Turnipseed, Erica S. 1
 Tuskegee Air Force Base 556
 Tuskegee Airmen         54, 172, 193, 433, 556
Tuskegee, Alabama 220
Tuskegee Army Airfield 166
Tuskegee Experiment 172
Tuskegee Institute       79, 193, 405
Tuskegee University         152, 197
twins 246, 417
twins, Siamese 108
Tyler, Texas   390
Tyson, Mike     644



U.S. Pipe and Foundry (Bessemer, Alabama)            405
The USS. Virgin Islands 233
UCLA See University of California, Los Angeles
Ueno, Henry        586
underground railroad         468, 650
UNESCO       449
Union Army (Civil War, 1861-1865)           401
Union College 449
union organizers 309
Union Theological Seminary 577
United Arab Emirates 29
United Auto Workers 72
United Church of Christ 59, 569, 670
United Methodist Church 227
United Nations 478, 551
United Nations Forces 515
United Nations Special Ambassadors 167
United Seaman's Service 328
United States Air Force 165, 172, 341, 433, 588, 628, 643, 647
United States Armed Forces         60, 86, 125, 165, 193, 198, 250, 288, 290, 293,
     374, 410, 487, 519, 547, 556, 628, 647
United States Army 50, 60, 99, 114, 120, 130, 131, 168, 189, 219, 229, 335,
     370, 396, 409, 436, 486, 488, 497, 520, 532, 547, 548, 572, 575, 589, 621,
     628, 640
United States Army, 35th Colored Infantry Regiment 552
United States Army Air Corps 54, 193
United States Army, Rangers 99
United States Cavalry 195
United States Congress 202, 421
558        Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



United States Congressmen 364, 421
United States Department of Health 229
United States Department of Justice 195
United States government 598
United States House of Representatives               202
United States Marine Corps         204, 290, 480, 500
United States Merchant Marines 396
United States Navy 125, 187, 198, 396, 417, 448, 453, 519, 647, 653
United States Navy National Naval Medical Center 596
United States Occupation Army 536
United States Supreme Court          194, 206
United Way 232
University of Arkansas 194
University of Arkansas Hospital  178
University of Arkansas Medical School                178, 197
University of Arkansas, Pine Bluff        312
University of Baroda (India) 470
University of California at San Francisco Hospitals              102
University of California, Berkeley        42, 264, 398, 451, 535, 607, 612
University of California Board of Regents                  136
University of California, Davis 264, 307
University of California, Los Angeles 27, 192, 310, 322, 413, 570
University of California, Santa Barbara              368
University of California, Santa Cruz           281, 508
University of Chicago 581, 628
University of Colorado, Boulder          503
University of Delhi 571
University of Detroit 410
University of Georgia 156
University of Hawai'i     40, 454, 581
University of Houston 459
University of Illinois 628
University of lowa      188, 222, 288, 385, 538
University of lowa Writers Workshop              538
University of Islam (Washington, D.C.)               585
University of Malaya, Kuala Lumpur              368
University of Maryland 584
University of Maryland, Eastern Shore                293
University of Massachusetts         29, 135
University of Massachusetts, Center for International Studies           478
University of Miami      593
University of Michigan         142, 227, 314, 437
University of Michigan Law School              403
University of Minnesota         142, 248, 272
University of Missouri      574
                                        Index                  559




University of Missouri, Columbia           325
University of Missouri, Kansas City 312
University of Missouri, St. Louis 11
University of Nevada, Las Vegas           422
University of North Carolina 43
University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill             206
University of Oklahoma 194
University of Pennsylvania 45, 231
University of Philadelphia 253
University of Pittsburgh 614
University of San Francisco 393
University of Scranton 471
University of South Dakota 137
University of South Florida 99
University of Southern California          32, 139, 272, 308
University of Tennessee     271
University of Texas, Austin       611
University of Texas, El Paso 58
University of Tulsa 509
University of Wisconsin 496
University of Wisconsin, Madison           341, 607
Upper Montclair, New Jersey         164
Urban League      44, 410, 556
USO 328
Utah 462
Uyehata, Roy T. 12


Valasco, Ron    118
Vallejo, California 517
Vanderbilt University 511, 634
Vassar College 404
vaudeville 155, 297
VeeJay Records 98
vegetarians 342
Ventura County, California 429
Vermont 571
veterans   2, 50, 500
Veterans Administration hospitals 605
Veterans Committee of the Baseball Hall of Fame 453
vice presidential candidates 244
video artists 38
Viet Cong 344, 482
Viet Minh 182, 344, 482
Vietnam 14, 21, 268, 344, 449, 450, 481, 482, 567, 613, 640
560           Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



Vietnam Conflict 2, 14, 21,50, 60, 146, 155, 182, 204, 336, 344, 449, 450,
      482, 486, 488, 500, 547, 589, 592, 642
Vietnam, French occupation of 182, 344, 449
Vietnam Veterans' Center 204
Vietnam War Memorial 204
Vietnamese Americans 6, 14, 17, 21, 182, 344, 450, 481, 482, 592
Villa, Dario 187
Village Voice 430
vineyards 398
violent behavior 500
Virginia 44, 153, 211, 267, 292, 329, 388, 399, 407, 441, 448, 472, 490, 496,
     565, 649
Virginia Seminary (Lynchburg, Virginia)         403, 490
Virginia Union Seminary 522
Virginia Union University 496
Visalia, California 612
Vo, Be Van 21
Voice of America 579
Voicestra (musical group)          47
Volcano, Hawai'i       278
volunteers 408
voter registration 189, 226, 257, 395, 486
voting rights 442, 544
Voting Rights Act of 1967 231, 364


Waco, Texas 157
WACs medical corp            471
Wahpeton Indian School, North Dakota            284
Walden University          152
Walker, Alice    4, 461
Wall Street 365
Walnut Creek, California 666
Walter Payton Foundation 473
Walterboro Army Air Base 172
Walters, Anna Lee 8, 13
Walters, Barbara 317
Wamba, Ernest Wamba dia             624
Wamba, Philippe 6
Wan, Lillian Ho       20
Wang, David W. 17
War on Poverty 244
war refugees 640
War Relocation Authority (WRA)            302
Ward, Clara     625
                                      Index                              561



Ward, Gertrude     625
Ward, Janie Victoria     15
Ward Singers     625
Warner Brothers 295
Warren County High School     329
Warren, Earle 379
Wasco-Navajo Indians 16
Waseda International University 602
Washington 8, 198, 285, 380, 507, 645
Washington Bullets (basketball team) 248
Washington, D.C. 134, 140, 201, 231, 244, 267, 329, 347, 383, 422, 450, 488,
    550, 579, 584, 585, 588, 603, 613, 656
Washington Mystics (basketball team)             271
Washington Park, Chicago 573
Washington Post 148, 515
Washington Tribune 347
Washington University School of Medicine               656
Watanabe, Greg 356
Watanabe, Harvey  12
Watanabe, Tom 586
Waterbury, Connecticut        202
Watkins, Gloria (bell hooks)        279, 280, 281
Watsonville, California 122
Watts, Los Angeles 139
Wayne State University 342
Waynesburg, Pennsylvania 24
WBEZ radio (Chicago) 315
WCSU-FM radio (Dayton, Ohio) 375
WDAO radio (Dayton, Ohio) 375
weapons research       227
WEBB radio (Baltimore, Maryland)           421
Webb, Toni Pierce 1
weight loss 226
Weinglass, Leonard I. 26
welfare system    110, 307, 411, 469
Wellesley College 233
Wesley, Don A. 11
West Africa 48, 362
West Indian Americans         334
West Indians 249, 319, 488, 520
West Indies 15, 255, 334, 495
West Point 195
West Tulsa, Oklahoma         216
West Virginia 577
Westerman, Floyd Red Crow           118
562         Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000


Western Kentucky University         248
Wetumpka, Alabama 433
WGBPR Radio (Detroit) 52
WGBPR TV-62 (Detroit)     52
White, A. T. and Helen 640
White Earth Reservation, Minnesota             8, 284
White House 326
White Mountain Apache tribe         22
White, Sarah Bracey 1
White Wolf (spiritual leader) 173
Whiteriver, Arizona 22
Wichita, Kansas 402, 538
Wilberforce College (Xenia, Ohio)         491, 558
Wild Tchoupitoulas (musical group)             447
Wilkerson, John     210
Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania        471
Wilkinson, James Leslie     453
Will Mastin Trio (featuring Sammy Davis, Jr.) 155
William Frantz School (New Orleans)              82
William Penn Foundation 628
Williams, Crystal Ann 1
Williams, Walter Edward 190
Williamson, Lisa 569
Wills, Cheryle 351
Wilson, John and Jerome 74
Wilson, Mary 609
Wilson, Nancy 97
Wilson, Pete 136
Wimbledon 210
Winans, BeBe 658
Winans family (Detroit, Michigan) 658
Wind River Reservation, Wyoming 284
Winfrey, Oprah 219
Wing, Tom     660
Winnipeg Buffaloes (baseball team)             519
Winston-Salem, North Carolina            330
Wisconsin    8, 240, 247, 281, 431, 584, 607
Wittenberg College (Springfield, Ohio)               128
women     4,9, 10, 17, 18, 19, 27, 29, 35, 37, 41, 43, 47, 48, 49, 51, 55, 56, 57,
    59, 61, 62, 63, 67, 70, 72, 74, 78, 79, 82, 83, 87, 90, 92, 103, 105, 106, 107,
    115, 116, 117, 121, 126, 128, 135, 137, 139, 140, 141, 142, 144, 147, 148,
    149, 152, 154, 157, 159, 160, 163, 164, 165, 166, 167, 171, 175, 177, 178,
    179, 182, 186, 187, 190, 191, 192, 194, 199, 208, 210, 211, 213, 214, 223,
    231, 234, 236, 238, 244, 245, 247, 251, 252, 253, 264, 268, 270, 271, 272,
    274, 279, 280, 281, 284, 286, 287, 289, 296, 298, 303, 309, 312, 317, 319,
                                      Index                                       563



women     (continued)
   321, 322, 323, 324, 325, 326, 328, 331, 332, 334, 338, 339, 343, 344, 345,
   346, 349, 351, 355, 356, 361, 368, 371, 377, 378, 382, 384, 385, 388, 389,
   394, 403, 404, 405, 406, 407, 408, 411, 413, 415, 417, 425, 426, 428, 430,
   431, 432, 433, 437, 438, 441, 445, 446, 450, 457, 458, 461, 464, 466, 467,
   469, 470, 471, 472, 478, 485, 492, 494, 495, 501, 503, 505, 506, 507, 508,
   512, 513, 526, 528, 537, 540, 541, 542, 544, 550, 555, 557, 560, 563, 564,
    567, 569, 571, 576, 578, 579, 580, 582, 583, 584, 585, 590, 591, 595, 596,
   597, 602, 603, 605, 606, 608, 610, 612, 613, 617, 618, 619, 620, 622, 625,
    631, 632, 634, 635, 636, 637, 638, 649, 658, 659, 660, 662, 665, 666, 669,
   671, 674
women's basketball in Europe          139
Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA)              139
Women's National Basketball League            271
Wong, Jade Snow 5
Wong, Jadin 356
Wong, Shawn       5
Woodlawn, Chicago        573
Woodson, Carter G. 225
Woodstock Music Festival        249
Woody, Elizabeth 8, 16
Woolridge, Shilanda L. 1
World Boxing Association        275
world debt 577
world records 58
World WarI      23, 120, 628
World War I veterans      628
World War II     2, 12, 19, 50, 86, 121, 122, 125, 168) 172) 189, 198, 2297250;
     294, 296, 302, 325, 335, 341, 355, 390, 396, 398, 439, 448, 450, 453, 471,
     491, 511, 519, 532, 535, 536, 538, 547, 548, 556, 565, 572, 580, 581, 586,
     602, 621, 635, 647
World Wrestling Federation (WWF) 593
Wortham, Texas 157
Wounded Knee, South Dakota 9, 414
Wounded Knee Massacre 137
wrestlers 593
Wright State University School of Medicine 409
Wright State University School of Professional Psychology           409
writers 4, 8, 13, 16, 20, 25, 27, 34, 35, 37, 40, 44, 51, 53, 56, 69, 78, 94, 102,
     103, 123, 137, 148, 164, 204, 214, 230, 233, 236, 240, 241, 242, 243, 247,
     263, 269, 272, 278, 279, 280, 281, 283, 306, 316, 319, 333, 334, 338, 347,
     358, 361, 368, 372, 376, 383, 388, 406, 407, 411, 412, 422, 428, 430, 431,
     439, 440, 443, 444, 446, 451, 461, 464, 476, 507, 509, 512, 531, 538, 539,
     541, 542, 573, 591, 607, 617, 620, 622, 623, 627, 638, 667, 668
Wyoming 50, 63
564          Autobiographies by Americans of Color 1995-2000



X, Malcolm      180, 336, 545
Xavier University (New Orleans)                    229
Xenia, Ohio 491


Yakama-Warm Springs Indians                   16
Yale Law School 175
Yale University 44, 202, 411, 420, 470
Yamaguchi, Kristi           207
Yamamoto, Hisaye             5
Yamanaka, Morgan              586
Yamauchi, Wakako             5
Yang, C.K.      310
Yankton Sioux         414
Yaqui Indians     8, 60
Yasui, Minoru         586
Yau, John 20
Yellowtail Deernose, Agnes 619
Yenan 40
Yerba Buena Gardens, San Francisco 385
Yes, I Can: The Story of Sammy Davis, Jr. (1966)         155
YMCA, Harlem 464
Yo, Anton 21
Yoo, Jay Kun      3
Yoruba tribe, Nigeria 459
Young, Andrew 669
Young Communists 309
Young, Jean Childs           669, 670
Young, Jimmy 196
Young Minds program                 460
Youngstown, Ohio 337, 627
Youth Enterprises 373
youth homes 259
youth work 393
youth workers         234
Yu, Eui-Young         3
Yves Saint Laurent           237
YWCA 403


Zairian (Congo) Americans                 6
Zepeda, Ofelia        8
Zimbabwe 515
Zinn, Howard   175
Zoe Ministries 549
                          Index   565



Zorilla, Pete 111
Zu-Bolton, Ahmos    422
wih-atet                   Thiereicc:, Malpee                                        a0
Mvfiry             2a                      tah                             ~~
                                               ~~                      :


      te Bevis                                      7
                                 (heh oem, Sent Pravcaee
                                                 ~                          ~.
                                                                                                       904 -.
«9             ys          ¥
                           iin       Vie   Naw           Gai                          a™   >:oy
                                                                                                  i?    “iy,    |
                                                                   .
                    as           ay        TaD!
                                                                                *\




                         . 1

:                                          . a               ab
                                                             %,?



                                           i                  a

                                                    }         é
               ~
               4

                                 +                                 |

                                                     }



                                                         4

     at)
           1




                                                    ‘




                                                 a
    weede loan iai! brary
_      MUAY         oe
Printed in the United States
27926LVS00001B/276
3 5282 00587 5938
                               wii
ABOUT     THE BOOK         The years between 1995 and 2000 saw a
  tremendous output of autobiographical material by Americans of
  color. Publishers released works by prominent Civil Rights leaders,
  musicians, entertainers, athletes, as well as the unsung heroes
  who simply had the courage to strive for a better life.
         Contained in this annotated bibliography are 674 life stories.
     Each entry provides an identification of the work and its publish-
     ing source, as well as a succinct abstract that introduces the
     content of the text.
         Autobiographies by Americans of Color: An Annotated
     Bibliography, 1995-2000 provides access to valuable and
     compelling works that will satisfy both scholarly and personal
     interests.

  ABOUT       THE   AUTHORS          Rebecca Stuhr is the Collection
    Development and Preservation Librarian at Grinnell College. She
    is a graduate of St. Olaf College, and received her M.L.I-S, at the
    University of California, Berkeley. Rebecca is also the author of
    Autobiographies     by Americans       of Color: An Annotated
    Bibliography, 1980-1994. She lives in Grinnell, lowa with her
    children Martin and Helen.
         Deborah Stuhr Iwabuchi is an English teacher, author and
     translator with a specialty in Japanese-English translation. She
     has four published translations, including Love From the Depths,
     the autobiography of Tomihiro Hoshino, a modern Japanese poet
     and artist. She is a graduate from the University of the Pacific,
     Callison College with a degree in Humanities. She lives in Japan
     with her husband and two daughters.

Cover design: Michelle Rodda




                                                   i i
                                                   N 0-87875-540-3
